i used your computer . and i m afraid i ve erased your personal files accidentally .
dad may i have a room of my own ?
dad but i do n't want to share a room with peter . he snores every night .
sword say it sword .
dad i want to draw with crayons can i ?
his name is grunt . come closer and i 'll properly introduce you .
oh that 's right . they 're filming a movie up there are n't they ?
i think that they get a pretty good payoff .
you can use this . it has special effect for keeping your face moisturized . it has this lotion as a gift attached .
sounds good . what about shampoo ? i would like to buy the product that prevents scurf .
how about this one ? it is wellknown for the effect of removing scurf .
i do not care the brand as long as it works well .
i want to buy the toothpaste the brand of jiajieshi .
use i want a eyeshadow .
we have different colours of eyeshadow . may i know what colour you usually wear ?
may i have a try ?
hey mom look what i found !
are there any exclusions ?
what is that ? it looks like something from a swamp !
it 's a green drink . it 's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
have you ever tried it ? or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
i need some stamps .
i must weigh it .
it is 5 grams overweight . do you want to send it as an ordinary or registered letter ?
thanks for noticing .
i have a little gut i have been trying to get rid of .
ah . . . but remember to incorporate a little exercise into your diet .
i do n't think so . do you remember bob gain from tulsa ?
give me one kilo of those please . do you have any fresh plums ?
a tow truck was towing my car and put all those dents in my car .
oh my gosh . damn . . . screw the court i would burn down their store .
at the supermarket down the street . help yourself .
there 's still a lot lefthave some more !
just a few cookies .
good idea . how about a cup of coffee ?
is it washable ?
that 's nice . my name is steven my phone number is 6789777 . okay i 'll be waiting for his call . thank you and bye !
yes i would as long as it 's good quality .
this is the new style . two hundred and twentyeight .
how much is it ?
sure . please come this way .
yes here it is .
this fits me well how much is it ?
3500 yuan .
what year is it ?
6000 miles all highway mileage .
what do you mean 7b
highway miles are not as bad as local miles . they do not hurt car as much .
the owner was commuting everyday crossing the state line .
you 'll check it out anyway you want . you can take it to a garage .
how much is it ?
5900 .
we need to find an interior decorating company to redecorate the kitchen . i believe in portland there are shops that specialize in kitchen renovation . i will look in the yellow pages . i 'd like a kitchen mostly in ivory and light green .
yes i am trying to find good movers now . do you know any ?
yeah it was . but i still have some information that i collected last time and if you want i will give it to you .
sure . please take a look at the model of the building . nice garden has a total of two blocks which are labeled block i and block ii . block i has a total of thirtyeighth floors . the thirtyseventh and thirtyeighth are penthouses . there are four units in one floor . the sizes of the units are one thousand square feet and one thousand and five hundred square feet . the size with one thousand square feet has three bedrooms and the biggest size has four bedrooms .
there are three elevators between one hundred and fortyeight units .
how about the carpark space ?
sure on the fourth floor is a recreation quarter . there are two swimming pools . one is olympic standard size and the other one is for children . also there is a gymnasium for resident members only .
the completion date will be july 1st 2007 .
please check up the price list . the average unit price is five million hong kong dollars . there are eight different banks that will provide a seventy percent mortgage loan . also the developer will offer another ten percent mortgage to purchasers .
thank you . i think i have to talk to the bank representatives . thank you for your help .
you know i 'm a pretty laidback person . i do n't like to have lots of arguments or worry about lots of things . for example i like to keep the apartment clean too but if it gets a little dirty once in a while that 's not a big deal .
i totally agree . i really like my lifestyle to be dramafree and i do n't want to argue about cleaning the apartment . my last roommate was a drama queen . every time i forgot to take my shoes off she got really mad and made a big deal out of it .
i do n't think so . you have to wait for about 10 minutes .
excuse me is there a table for 8 right now ?
the charges vary according to the types of call you make . the cheapest is a stationtostcrtion call then a persontoperson call . the mini charge will apply for the first three minutes then each additional minute will be charged .
it 's a mrs . peters marilyn peters .
it 's london 99816432 .
and your name and number ?
my name 's ron smith and the phone number is 3562210 .
is there anything i can dor you ?
why not go the youth restaurant ? you will have a happy lunch there .
i 'd like it mediumwell .
do you have trifles ?
please bring me some trifles and apple pies .
that does n't justify your violation . may i see your licence please ?
oh really ? is n't this spot c408 ?
no it 's d408 my parking space . i have already paid for it .
premium please . thanks . please fill it up .
ok . here you are .
welcome to jinyuan shoe town . what can i do for you ?
white ? what make do you want ? arid what size ?
adidas . size 38 .
adidas ? they wear well . try this pair size 38 please .
you are so lucky . they are on sale today . it costs only 250 yuan . pay at the counter over there .
i saw on tv that there is an entertainment item bungee in beijing longtanhu park . except that the height is not exiting enough .
the highest bungee spot in the world is located in mount kikicama south africa which is 216 meters high . a cable car in a scenic spot in switzerland is 160 meters high .
i know that frenchmen installed the bungee cord between two tall buildings .
it is said that bungee was originally a grownup ceremony of the indigenous people of new guinea . people stood on branches of the tree which was over 30 meters high . their feet were fastened with canes and they jumped off from where they stood . when they almost reached the ground they suddenly stopped to prove their bravery and express that they were able to endure the hardships of life independently .
yes . five onedollar stamps please .
i 'm afraid you 'll have to find a parking meter .
can i use the clippers ?
shave also s ir ?
carrie i want to buy a pair of leather shoes to wear for the interview tomorrow .
do you have a sales slip ?
sorry things on sale are not allowed to be refunded or exchanged .
please show me your receipt again .
ask the worker who sells tokens to give you one . it 's free fo charge . actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations .
have you brought the receipt with you ?
yes . all repairs are billed at cost . we 'll only bill you for parts . the onsite service is 300 a year after the warranty .
i ll have to get a couple in different colors .
buy them now though or they might not still be here tomorrow .
how much altogether ?
well i am afraid you have made a mistake . would you check it again please ?
let me see . i am terribly sorry sir . that should be 18 .
no problem . just give us a few minutes more to pull them up though . we don t get that many english singers !
i 've already forgiven you . actually i also owe you an apology . i was so rude to you that day .
it does t matter . i know that people are easy to get mad when they 're tired .
we allow one or two pets but you have to pay a 300 deposit .
oh one more thing i forgot . you must let us know two months in advance if you want to stop renting within the contract . otherwise you can t get your deposit back .
okay . thank you for your reminder .
hello ? mr . bernie . my name is lisa . i hope i m not disturbing you . i just heard about your daughter . i wanted to call you and tell you how much we ll miss her .
i m sorry . i think you are calling the wrong person . my name is not mr . bernie .
that sounds like my cat . she likes to scratch the couch with her claws .
she 's not a housecat . she stays outside most of the time .
sure no problem . here you are . that 'll be 25 dollars .
i think we 're finished . can you please turn off the lights and shut the door ?
i think it fits you . it flatters your figure .
this one is the latest . how do you like it ?
well . could i try it on ?
silk . you have a good taste . it 's excellent for its handiness elegance and beauty .
ange can your dog do any tricks yet ?
this ca n't be the same dog . he 's so clean he shines .
see he 's wagging his tail .
by the way there 's a barber shop in the shopping center too .
i do n't feel like breakfast . i do n't feel like anything . why are we so unlucky ? it 's as if there were a jinx on us .
neither . i drove a hard bargain with the vendor before i got the price down .
three hundred ! that 's daylight robbery . how dare she play tricks on an old hand like me ? without hesitation i gave my offerno more than fifty .
she must be fuming with anger at such a bid was n't she ?
not at all ! she 's really been around and seemed quite accustomed to bargaining like this . that 's the trade . she only demanded a higher bid saying the purchase price was even higher than seventy . she was lying ! then i inquired may i have it at sixty ? she waved her head .
i swear i will never shop at a street market in china . it 's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! you have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something .
is that so ? i 'm afraid people here will not take pity on unlucky guys like you . bargaining has always been an indispensable procedure in business deals . it 's the norm of free trade . the seller sets a preposterous price and the buyer tries his best to bring it down until a compromise is reached . yet you ignored the process . no wonder you ended up easy prey .
that 's helpful for your health .
are you ready pa ?
in a second . have you got a torch ?
yes let 's go . lock the door please .
i m sorry she is not in at the moment . can i take a message ?
your daughter will be back soon . i 'm going to start making dinner . you can just watch some tv in tv room if you like . we just bought a new tv with a lcd screen . the remote control is on the coffee table next to the armchair .
i do n't think it 's broken .
no not that long . two more stops and you 'll get off sir .
ok . i know . thank you .
really ? i never would have guessed . the criminals must only come out in the evenings because i 've never noticed anything strange when i 've been at your house in the daytime .
a lorry overturned on the road and blocked it so all the traffic was held up .
i agree with you . but now we have to wait . the sky is overcast and it is very sultry . i fear a thunder storm is brewing .
julia julia julia . my daring julia what 's wrong with you ?
i was thinking about the accident i saw in the morning . i was petrified when two cars collided . i witnessed the traffic accident .
i think both . they drove too fast . what 's worse one of them was drunk .
please take me to the honging hotel .
ok i promise we 'll get there in twenty minutes .
i 'll only go if we can stop at the officelicense to pick up something to drink for tonight .
i promise . we 're only going for a walk to get some exercise and to get some things done that we haven t had time for .
ok let 's go then !
do you have any money ?
for our errands and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street .
two hamburgers and french fries .
give me two cokes also please .
shall i giftwrap them for you sir ?
if you bring them back with your receipt within seven days you 'll get a full refund . also if you need alterations to the pants just bring them in and we 'll do them for free .
sure . go straight on down this road take the second left and then the first right . it s next to tiananmen square .
sure . 4167901256 .
thank you alice . come in to the diningroom . i m going to cut the cake soon . have some please .
the number i am calling is 8610 40169988
thanks . what s your name and phone number please ?
my name is jennifer smith . my phone number is 6109349901 .
hello towing service . what s your problem ?
i m on the highway 401 close to the lipton link .
and plate number .
akim 400 .
yes i ll pay for the call . put her through please .
excuse me sir ?
i 've tried diets before but they 've never worked .
i know you 're right but what can i do ?
sunnyside up please .
can you go wake up cindy for me ?
what do you drink ?
i m sorry . i m not interested in it .
yes they all stop at this corner .
you can take any bus except the number 9 .
fine . how long does it take to get to 82nd street ?
thank you for the information .
along queen's road . . .
then go up garden road past the cathedral .
that 's very kind of you . thank you . er . . . have you got a pencil ?
excuse me sir . is there a barber near here ?
oh sorry . i didn t notice it . sorry .
many thanks !
how many rooms are you looking for ?
oh you have to take the shuttle to grand central .
good morning . could you tell me the times of trains to london please ?
not right now . i 've got to get another car and my old one is blown up .
would you like to learn to tango donar ?
no mistakes in a tango donar . not like life simple that will make the tango so great . if you make a mistake you 'll get all tango done . just tango along . why do n't you try ? will you try it .
cabbage ? is that what they teach at school now ? ok honey it 's spinage .
yeah i know this is popeye 's favorite food .
yes but i have unusually big feet . that would n't be too much of a problem except that they 're also very wide and only a few brands sell shoes that i can fit into .
well i guess i just was n't paying attention to the speedometer .
you need to go to the allied irish bank which is near the local shopping centre dunned stores .
cross the road and turn left at the other side . walk along the footpath until you reach the traffic lights . you will see a shopping centre on the right hand side . walk across the road and turn right after the shopping centre . keep going straight for about 100m and the bank is to your left .
i 'm just poring over some brochures about various car models .
yeah it looks that way . my wife has been bugging me about it . i thought we could probably survive without one but with a baby on the way maybe it is time to get a car .
yeah . i still remember my first car . it was an old clunker that my dad gave me when i turned 17 . i drove it around for a couple of years until i scraped together enough money to buy a better secondhand car .
don t worry you can pay in an installment that is to say you don t have to pay the whole amount of money at once .
i need to talk it over with my wife .
it is on spring avenue .
it s 240 a month .
that is what i am looking for . could i go to see the house tomorrow afternoon ?
yes i am interested in finding a onebedroom apartment near washington square .
yes . it has one bedroom a large living space and 4 kitchens .
so is there a refrigerator ?
i have much time . i suppose it can be done .
uh . . . yes . turn right then take the second turning on your left .
and do you know where the national bank is ?
believe me . everything will be ok .
dick i ve decided not to rent that house .
i ll be glad to help .
what ? but it is my favorite piece of clothing .
maybe it is . but it s out of fashion .
guess what gilly ? i won both bids .
yeah . it was so easy and superfast once i figured it out .
hello mr . gao . we appreciate your letting us have the apartment .
you bet it is . and we got four thousand for our car space ! awesome !
ok . how does seven o 'clock this evening sound ?
we 'd like to sign a yearlong contract if that 's ok .
we 'll sign our signatures too . and give you our passport numbers along with our arc numbers .
i can take two thousand off . that 'll make the rent twentyeight thousand .
ann stop bugging jess and help me order something new . lattes are so passe these days .
go with a hammerhead thenespresso mixed with drip coffee .
any new ideas on the mr . fro case ? how can we give this motor oil a new brand identity ?
that kenmore looks nice .
sorry i can t ! i have to go to work pick up jake and maddie from school and make them an afternoon snack then take jake to soccer practice and maddie to dance class .
you sound exhausted . maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! she can pick the kids up and take them to their afterschool activities . she can also help you do some household chores and run some errands .
oh i don t know . . . it s hard to find the right nanny . you have to consider her previous work experience the responsibilities you give her and how she interacts with the kids . i would love to have someone to help me out though .
i think you should definitely consider it ! this way you won t have to juggle such a busy schedule and you ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . i can refer you this great nanny amy . she used to work for my neighbors before they moved away . she s very responsible a good cook and great with kids .
no problem ! we have a broad selection of suits all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
unfortunately yes . it will be clear early saturday morning but there is a high chance of showers and thunderstorms later in the day . there is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the southeast . folks in those areas might see some hail and flooding especially in areas that have been experiencing record high rainfalls .
it gets better on sunday though . the storm systems move east and the skies will clear up at night . it will still be rather cool with highs in the low 50s . the west coast will be experiencing some unusually chilly weather but at least the sun will come out . i advise weekend travelers to be careful especially while driving . back to you mark .
where are you going to buy one ?
is the furniture crafted well ?
i would like to buy a new fridge .
it comes with an ice maker water dispenser and there is a lot of room inside .
i think you 'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
i 'm sorry but can you give me a threeday turnaround ?
i wish to order 100 sets of hifi . do you have this service ?
not yet but i saw the movie . could i borrow it when you finish reading ?
would you care for a cup of tea before your meal ?
rosepetal salad .
no . the front seat folds down all the way so there 's just enough space for the skis . . .
the aroma of roasting coffee beans .
smells like you 're baking something . what are those ?
cool ! but is n't that a hot air popcorn popper ?
you have to brew the grinds while they 're fresh and drink it immediately for the best flavor .
yep . that way i can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames .
the apples are 30nt each . how many would you like ?
let 's see 30nt is about . . . almost a dollar us . what ? ! how about these pineapples ?
they 're 250nt each but they 're not edible . they 're only used for worship .
hmm 250nt is . . . 8 dollars ? ! ! and you ca n't even eat them ? you 're crazy !
wait ! do n't go just yet . these bananas are pretty cheaponly 35nt for this bunch .
now that 's more like it ! bananas have lots of potassium too !
they 're also good for your digestion ! would you like some kiwis too ?
they 're imported from new zealand . four for 50nt . nine for a hundred .
ginseng comes in 6 different grades . it runs from 5000 to 30000 nt a jin .
30000 nt for ginseng ? ! do i have to buy a whole jin ?
you can get a liang if you want . a liang is onesixteenth of a jin . that would be 330nt .
whew ! that sounds more like my price range . i 'll take two liangs .
that 's a lucky fruit called hong zat ! people say that if you eat them you will have your first son very soon !
gui yuan are lucky too ! if you eat them you 'll have a very sweet life !
so you 're going to use sarah 's car to go cruising for chicks ?
yep . and the date is set for homecoming night .
i thought homecoming was a high school dance .
you have a very good taste . it 's our best seller .
this needs drycleaning . can you remove this stain without harming the fabric ?
let me see . we ll try but i m not sure that we can remove it .
it 's almost ready . can you set the table ?
yeah . oh it 's delicious !
i see . is this yours ?
it s ready to go .
hello ! i 'm sorry to bother you . this is a complimentary fruit tray . your food will be ready soon .
yah but it does n't have a red one .
sure . come on it . we just finished rebuilding everything .
the rent is 600 a month ?
yeah . but why don t you come by your office tomorrow to sign the lease ?
i want some pickles oh and we re out of flour . put that on the list too .
not that i can think of . wait a second we re out of breakfast cereal . i think corn flakes are on sale . get those .
and you still buy him new ones ?
just let me look at it quickly .
do you have a bed ?
sure but i don t have hot water yet .
yes . please tell her that tickets to phantom of the opera will be delivered in two days . my number is 6521684 0 extension 236 .
ok . i ll let her know as soon as possible .
isn t it on the bookshelf ?
no . the bookshelf is full of fashion books .
well . i was wondering if anyone has turned in a passport ?
well i am spending my vacation here and i have a stomachache and . . .
click on that .
yes no problem . you walk down this street . you turn left at the first intersection . walk along that road turn right at the corner . after that you make a lefthand turn at the first traffic light . the royal hotel is on your right side .
yeah i think so . i think the hotel is right across the street from a post office . it is as plain as the hump on a camel . you ca n't miss it .
cool thanks .
very well sir . do you want me to trim your beard ?
well . i would like my hair cut shorter on the temples .
no thanks . but i 'd like a facial massage .
that 's true . here are some samples of hairstyles . what do you think about this one ?
there s no catch ! you just choose a plan sign a threeyear contract and that s it ! actually we re running a special promotion right now and we regiving away a blackberry curve with our special mega value forty dollar plan .
i don t care ! you are grounded for life mister !
what sort of pest are we dealing with ?
well there s nothing we can t handle . i ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches but the termites will be harder to get rid of . we will have to cover the entire house and fu
sure what kind of shoe are you looking for ? we ve got strappy sandals sleek high heels edgy pumps or if you re looking for something a little more practical we ve got mary janes ballerinas .
what size ?
hmmm . not good . they re too tight . the length is right but the shoe is too narrow and it s pinching my toes . and there d be no room for my insoles . you know what ? i don t think i have the patience fo
we have been over this a hundred times ! we are not getting a pet !
ok . how about we get a cat or a ferret ?
looks good ! i ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
you know the basics . a rake shovel spade and a hoe .
you mentioned you have a dog most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care pet shops and even pet sitters !
sorry i can t ! i have to go to work pick up jake and maddie from school and make them an afternoon snack then take jake to soccer practice and maddie to dance class .
you sound exhausted . maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! she can pick the kids up and take them to their afterschool activities . she can also help you do some household chores and run so
oh i don t know . . . it s hard to find the right nanny . you have to consider her previous work experience the responsibilities you give her and how she interacts with the kids . i would love to have
i think you should definitely consider it ! this way you won t have to juggle such a busy schedule and you ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . i can refer you this great
how s it going ?
friday at 6 pm . would be perfect .
that will be fine .
the rent each month is 1050 .
how about 900 a month ?
i heard that you finished my home inspection and i was wondering how it went .
you can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
you can tell the utility company what day you are moving in and they will transfer the utilities to your name .
you should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver s seat !
that s a good idea . put your keys in the ignition start it up put the car in reserve wait for the road to be clear and then back out of the driveway .
yeah i know . shop till you drop .
sure does . hey can i sponge a little cash of you ?
do n't worry marian i 've got you covered .
that 's right . i thought i 'd come back to buy some more souvenirs .
yes i think i 'd like the green mask in the middle .
come on let 's go for lunch gregory .
if you asked me you 've got a screw loose somewhere .
what did that have to do with me ? i 'm not the selfseeker like you .
i had a sneaking suspicion about you eric i think you 've lost it .
hi nally are you hungry ?
how about karlis ?
are you kidding ? that place is too ritzy for lunch .
true . ok let 's go to grumose ?
same thing meals there all coarsen arm and leg .
let 's stop it at multicolor for a quick lunch . .
twenty of them are going abroad to china and america .
do you have any going anywhere in the eu ? if you do those are less expensive .
that s another quid .
how about some mascara ? that will make her eyes look bigger .
i know what she would likesome whitening cream .
we really were lucky . we got the last available table for twoand we did n't even have a reservation ! did you see the long lines behind us ?
i heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
it 's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
i was thinking of a brown pinstriped suit .
i like the one on the left but i do n't like the pattern on it . it 's too much . i want a pattern that 's a bit subtler .
what kind do you want ?
caesar salads are good .
i always make my salads with shredded cheese croutons and almonds .
please let me point out the chef 's special which is blackened catfish .
the cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice .
sure . is there any extra care that i should take with your clothes ?
okay thanks a lot .
is it fun driving the bus ?
i would like to order some internet today .
well when you do your darks can you wash some of mine too ?
i greatly appreciate this .
trust me . i 'm going to wake up .
okay i 'll let you sleep for a little while longer .
thanks for letting me know homegirl .
they have yellowish red skin . it 's a fruit with one big seed .
is the seed edible ?
it 's hard to describe . they 're sweet but also sort of citrusy .
they 're similar to an avocado . when the outside feels soft they 're ripe .
they sell them at the business office on campus .
20 per dozen .
that s not going to be all right .
i thought you knew where we get off at .
should we have gotten off the bus already ?
maybe we did miss our stop .
that kenmore looks nice .
we just got one in yesterday so now we have six .
i would like to buy a new fridge .
it comes with an ice maker water dispenser and there is a lot of room inside .
i think i can get by with 2000 .
mr . and over here is our gymnasium .
mr . furthermore when you are dismissed in the afternoon you will be divided into two waves .
mr . i 'm mr . rogers your homeroom teacher .
mary this is your homeroom . it 's 213 . remember that .
cindy i 'm scared .
do we have the same classes today ?
it 's 112 .
certainly . here s an application form . do you have proof of residence ?
how long will it take to get the regular one ?
it ll be mailed to you within two weeks but you can borrow books on the temporary card .
is anybody in ?
all right . they re due back next wednesday .
han maimed what 's your plan for the weekend ?
oh my god ! john i didn t know you are religious . you just look like a scientific kook like leonard in the big bang theory .
come on han maimed don t make a fuss . a lot of americans including many scientists believe in religion .
that s a little complicated . you ll get to know it when you are acquainted with the u . s . history later on . religion was and is a part of american people s life . guess what ? even harvard university which is a highly academic institution is in a sense the product of religion .
absolutely ! it was founded by a group of puritan immigrants from england .
why was it founded by the puritans ? where were the atheistic educators ?
because most of the first english immigrants who came to the united states were puritans .
that s because in the 16th and 17th century there was a series of religious reforms in england . many religious separatists were persecuted and fled to other countries .
yes that 's why puritans moved to the new world where they believed they could establish a heaven for puritans . later on it was these puritans who founded harvard college .
many puritans had received classic style of higher education in oxford university and cambridge university back in england . they hoped that their descendants could receive this kind of education as well .
in 1639 it was renamed after its major benefactor john harvard . interestingly johnharvard himself was a clergyman .
it seems that harvard was predestined to be influenced by religion .
therefore it s not exaggerate to claim that had there not been religion there would note harvard .
religion has been playing an indispensible part in harvard history as well as the u . s .
hey jack . how were your classes this semester ?
they were not too bad . i really liked my polisci class .
i do n't know if i would call it my favorite but it ranks up there .
did you ever take history 231 ?
he 's a terrible instructor and demands a lot but fortunately he 's an easy grader .
yes . definitely stay in the class . you will get a better grade than your test scores . he does that deliberately to make all the students study a lot .
why ? what 's stressing you out ?
playground . we 're having sports for today 's outside class activities . all my classmates have already got there .
you 've been always active and versatile . it seems that you are interested in everything .
oh really ? i just have lots of hobbies in my spare time such as going to the concert painting handwriting reading novels and reading fashion magazines . what about yours ?
oh you ca n't think like that . we young people should try our best to learn new things and accept new ideas . you like taking photos and going to photography shows why not practise the technique and catch something unforgeable ?
well i had english from 9 o 'clock to 11 o 'clock art from 12 o 'clock to 2 o 'clock and math from 2 o 'clock to 4 o 'clock .
yes . . . with flying colors !
it s a new phrase that she taught us today . it means that i will not only pass the class but i will do extremely well !
if you like the class this much already i m sure you will .
that would have to be miss baymler my fourth grade teacher .
she had some rules that helped us to feel comfortable . for example the students had to treat each other with respect or they would be disciplined .
well . to be honest i usually sucked up to teachers because i wanted them to give me good grades . however miss baymler didn t treat me any differently . she really didn t have any teacher s pets .
you ca n't help learning when you 're using it all day . you 'll see . a few weeks 'study in the school will have a similar effect on you .
that 's the new teacher .
i 'm going to register right now .
do you have your library card ?
it appears that you have late fees .
sure . that would be great .
please fill out this application .
now sign your name on the back of the card .
your passport will be ready in a few weeks .
that looks great but i will also need your driver 's license or other form of i . d .
remember that i will only let you miss one class meeting per semester .
could you email me this week as a reminder ?
write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me .
what about the other class ?
no i do n't have a ride yet .
are you sure these are the only open classes ?
i look at many things attendance quizzes and tests .
the final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade homework attendance and quizzes total 60 percent .
professor i 'm concerned about my grades . do you have a minute ?
could you please sign the back of the card ?
i ll take them .
it really isn t .
i dropped it and the cover tore off .
here s the money for the book .
thank you for your payment .
how much do i need to pay ?
i will call you when i find it .
no . the teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . it set my teeth on edge .
selfishness is one human beings instincts . it is very difficult to get it out root and branch .
he never does and in fact he seldom communicates with him .
mary is really a diligent girl .
she learns to speak latin by osmosis within three months .
thanks carla . that 's quite a compliment coming from you . you always dress so tastefully .
i love that vase .
alice i never knew you had such a lovely voice . you really can sing ca n't you ?
i have been accepted by oxford university on phd .
my warmest congratulations on your entering the oxford university .
i wish you would n't play the tv so loud .
nicole your fettucini is very . . . unique .
oh uncle giovanni . that 's wonderful ! thank you ! thank you !
thanks for helping me up .
i 'm the hazardous one here . i made three people fall over !
no and i have no way of getting ahold of him ! there 's no phone where he 's at !
many of the slower dances are danced to the lyrics of tragedies . he meant that you turned it into a comedy .
believe me the time will fly by ! before you know it you 'll be changing diapers ! you have to start preparing !
i thought we could turn the upstairs study into a baby room . what do you think about lavender ?
excuse me supen .
please forgive me but i have to leave . i feel terrible . but . . .
thank you . it 's our first date . i hope it 's not too offensive .
pretty good . i ve just had my new poems published .
and why are you yarning now ? are you bored ?
it 's no use complaining . if we had got enough money we could n't put up with it and would have moved out .
she loves to nitpick and criticizes everything that i do . i can never do anything right when she 's around .
we basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she 'd let us do our things . she understood and now everything is a lot more peaceful .
come in come in !
why don t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?
i m sure you have chances everywhere . you re handsome talkative and got a sense of humor . you must be very popular .
we ve won two free tickets to hawaii for a sevenday vacation !
well are you invested in some languageexchange program ?
reciting texts really bores me to death .
they 're discussing whether they should replace miss smith the music teacher .
i find beijing opera is quite a bore .
what a bother having to climb storeys home every day .
ok then please bring me the steak mediunrare thank you .
i am sorry too . i know we 've been talking about this beach trip for a while . i should have told bob i was busy this weekend .
now that i look back at it it waws n't that big a deal . i should n't have lost my temper .
it 's just we 've been planning to go the beach for a while and we decided we could both make it this weekend . then out of nowhere she called me up said her boyfriend had made plans and that she nee
last time when we had dinner at the smith 's it was a horrible experience . he had no manners at all !
he made a lot of noises while eating . he talked with his mouth full and sipped loudly .
what were the odds ?
i think it is centrally controlled . they control it at the main desk .
they said it is centrally controlled . all the rooms are the same . they ca n't change it .
so now mexican pesos are worth about half as much .
wow . i feel sorry for the mexicans . but it 's good for us .
i ca n't believe it i had faith in bob and he let me down .
i know what you mean .
get changed !
well i would say that i m just drifting here in the pool .
have you thought about graduate school ?
what food do you fancy ?
how about going to joe 's restaurant .
can you give him a call on his mobile ?
there are three of them the three tenors .
oh you mean pavarotti domingo and carreras . have you been to their live shows ?
yeah it 's really a unique experience . it 's a solo concert by pavarotti . he put on the performance in the forbidden city in beijing .
i 've heard of that one . it was also his swan song .
lorin maazel . he did an amazing job . moreover he just celebrated his 75th birthday .
the right opportunity for you would come along soon . you know music is transnational .
are you free tonight ?
what about the yellowstone national park ?
yes . the wellknown yellowstone waterfall is formed when the yellowstone lake falls down into the yellowstone canyon .
do you have change for a hundred ?
can you recommend some to me ?
certainly . realplayer is a good .
i 'm no better than them . they say it 's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time but i think it 's stimulating .
it was held in 776 b . c . at olympia . it also has a long history of more than 2700 years .
yes there were no games in 1916 1940 and 1944 because of world war i and world war ii .
i see . look do you know what that emblem means ? i 've seen it so many times but i do n't know what it stands for .
oh it 's the beijing 2008 olympics emblem . it 's a chinese seal meaning that chinese people warmly welcome the friends from all over the world .
i see . i believe there will be lots of foreigners coming to beijing to watch the games .
he 's 78 and he 's a new emigrant from south america and he 's never been to school .
how annoying !
every time i try to start this program the computer freezes .
for instance the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
i will thanks for your concern .
well direct ones are the pollution directly from factories refineries waste treatment plants etc . aren t they ?
indirect sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere via rainwater .
so what does that have to do with this position ?
network is omnipresent nowadays . it 's quite convenient for people . you see we can download music and information from the internet i can study from it too . and the most of all we can compose send and receive emails .
yeah you are right . internet makes our lives easier . but it 's a twoblade sword .
i mean internet brings benefit a lot but also some disadvantages . for example many youngsters are addicted to the games and they neglect their study or some bad guys steal people 's money online etc .
but i found you always hate to part with your money . look at the car you drive it 's such a junker !
oh the car is old but still in good condition . i just think we should be thrifty whether you are rich or not .
you 're kidding . the storyline and acting were outstanding .
is that the boxoffice ?
i 'd like to book two tickets for the film jane eyre for this evening please .
wang min . telephone number is 13811658 . can i pick the tickets this afternoon ?
oh gush ! the first day of my career is over . i can not breathe now after dealing with so many documents . but i heard the notice that our company will hold twoweek staff training .
stop fussing ! it is said that the training is important for our newcomers . and my company also informs me to attend the training next week .
yes . i like winter .
it 's snowing heavily . what about taking a walk ?
but the ref did n't whistle .
my wife did n't like to go to amusement parks so we compromised and finally went to the seaside . i think vacation in summer is not good .
well when summer comes the weather is hot and the leaves turn darkgreen the sun is blazing and the air is threatening . no one would like to stay in the open air for long .
i myself like very much to listen to the singing of some of the insects especially the singing of cicadas .
in autumn almost all fruits are ripe and all crops are waiting to be harvested .
well it 's hard to say . for the fields and rivers winter is a relaxing season but for farmers i think they might take a rest physically but mentally they are still busy thinking planning and calculating for the working of the next year .
yes ! we have all assumed that you were the quiet shy type .
did n't they say we 're going to the ritz ?
yes but not the ritz carlton the ritz is a pizza place with peanut shells on the floor .
ta da ! let 's go to the ritz !
hey sarah . why are you limping ?
i remember the first time i went . my back was sore i could n't sit down because it hurt my butt and my legs would cramp if i walked too fast .
that 's exactly how i feel now .
was he out with the guys from the bank ?
no she left him last year .
well when he sobered up he called someone from work to come and bail him out .
well you know claiming that your grandmother is sick is the classic excuse used to get out of doing something .
oh man i hate rejection . it really makes you feel terrible especially when you really liked the person .
i 'm so happy . even though we are both working we get to spend a lot of time with each other in the evening and on the weekends .
that 's too bad . what happened ?
i had a terrible journey back from bangkok last week .
yes and the driver did n't speak any english or chinese and he did n't have a phone on himcan you believe it ? and his radio did n't work . so there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi .
well i actually thumbed a lift .
well i 'm setting my watch at four . thank you .
ok an englishman a scotsman and an irishman were going on a trip across the desert and they could only take one thing with them .
well as i was saying they showed each other what they had decided to bring . the englishman had brought some water . if we get thirsty we 'll have something to drink he said . the scotsman brought a map . if we get lost we 'll be able to find our way . the irishman had brought a car door .
yep . a car door . why the door ? the others asked him . well he said if it gets hot we can open the window . do you get it ?
the giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked but the redskins have the ball and there pretty close to the end zone .
i guess he hit him too hard the referee just called a penalty on the home team .
really ? i think we play you guys next week . well i have to go to practice . see you later .
i like to play the piano for fun .
yeah . that can be a good hobby .
hobbies are great . i 'm going to make a list of all the things i like to do .
mike 's going to have a selfdriving traveling across the country .
i was n't quite prepared for the view of the earth as we left . it was just aweinspiring . it emerged from just a slightly curved horizon to a whole earth where you could look across oceans and continents in a single glance . i was n't quite prepared for that . it 's inevitably etched in my memory .
when viewing the earth from space do you feel detached from humanity or more a part of the totality of humankind ?
detached . you 're literally detached from one planet captured by another . your only link to reality is the earth out there fortunate 1y it stays in view the whole time .
there were a lot of talks during the bush administration about a not too distant future mars mission . it seemed to fizzle out . do you think that this shuttle mission will reignite the public 's passion for space and get us to mars sooner ?
i hope this flight is not just a onetime affair that it does reignite people 's interest to push on . but only time will tell .
you had gone to the moon twice orbited space around the earth lots of times and of course you have had the most amazing views that a human being can have . how long do we ordinary beings have to wait to feel the weightlessness ? i just ca n't wait .
either they go to a public place such as a hotel a restaurant or a club or to the home of the brid
the chinese custom is to go to the groom 's homejust the opposite .
many american furthers joke that they would rather hold the ladder for their daughter to climb down and elope than pay for a wedding .
tell me something about the bridal bouquet . is n't it the custom to throw it ?
absolutely ! it says there is water on mars buried beneath the surface . it 's just a matter of how deep it is .
then could the soil on mars somehow be fertile enough to groh simple plants ?
the soil would need quite a bit of fertilizer to grow anything . and it would need to be protected from the uv radiation .
actually we are doing a project in school that involves landing a ship and staying on mars for an extended period of time . does nasa have any type of portable habitats that could be used to stay on the planet ?
i 'm not sure nasa has built any portable habitats for extended stays on mars but they have looked at various designs .
but maybe there is a chance of gradually improving the surface and atmosphere of mars so it may be inhabitable by humans .
i 'm skeptical . mars is made of rocks containing silicon iron and various minerals . it also has an atmosphere of carbon dioxide . it is so different from what we have on earth you know .
i 'd still like to hope that some day we could set up a human colony there .
oh ralph i heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . disasters have happened before . if the spaceship were out of order . . .
you should be optimistic about this . things have taken a good turn . you should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible .
but is it possible that travelers could be hit by meteors ?
are the galaxies in the universe moving through space ?
no the galaxies sit more or less passively in the space around them . but not too much . as the space between galaxies expands it carries the galaxies further apart like raisins in an expanding dough .
but i heard that our milky way galaxy may one day collide with a neighboring galaxy . if galaxies are moving apart from each other how can they collide ?
well the universe is a chaotic place and the gravity from one galaxy or from a group of galaxies may disturb the motion of its near neighbors causing them to collide . however on average when you compare two large enough chunks of space the galaxies in one are moving away from the galaxies in the other .
wow you 're really informative . thanks a lot .
shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
recently there prevails net love !
maybe yesterday you 've received a man's woos . he 's called beast ?
it 's typical net love and a typical lesbians homosex ! ha !
almost . there are a lot of polar animals sea birds such as seals whales and penguins people do n't get much chance of seeing them .
normally at six . before that they spend several years in the kindergarten or preschool education center .
but thats only in the cities isnt it ?
jim and you are bosom friends are n't you ?
i would n't say so .
i know that they are auspicious fish . it 's quite popular nowadays .
not at all . i think the tattoos are so cool and chic .
oh it 's a pity that you have to leave .
if you go out recently you will find some people riding scooters in high streets and back lanes .
yes . the german engineer would never dreamed that the hand supported scooter he invented several years ago to solve his traffic problems would become so fashionable in the occident within a few years and even spread to japan and china .
looking at the five sense organs of a scooter it can be said as delicate and agile . to pull the tshaped pole and make it vertical with the flat board and then pull it vertically adjust its height suitable to you and you may use it .
small and exquisite in size easy to operate foldable and easy to carry are its charms .
it seems that you are an optimistic man who does n't dismay easily . that is what a good salesman needs . good luck .
yes very good .
yes but if you choose some good b2b websites such problems can be avoided .
will you give some suggestion ?
of course such as the alabama which is a famous website .
you hit the white ball with your cue . the white ball hits the colored balls . and you want to get the colored balls into the pockets .
hi . have you got a personal computer ?
great ! it 's just like viewless stores . but how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
that 's simple . just click the hyperlink www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen and then you can place an order online with the sales company . and the goods will be delivered to your place .
today more and more families have personal computers . people have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world .
yes . they were open this morning when i came to work . they must 've finished remodeling . why do you want to know ?
i 'm sorry i was such a grouch . it must 've been the weather . when it rains i get depressed .
we have been on good terms . she is a very nice girl . but she got in dutch with her boss . i don t have the heart to see her pounding the pavements .
tea does good to people 's health . there are many kinds of tea . say black tea green tea scented tea brick tea milk tea jas mine tea chrysanthemum tea and so on .
can you believe me ?
it ca n't be dry and ca n't die .
the aquamedic pool is included . you can choose three .
we 'll do the seaweed wrap the jet bath and the foot massage .
the sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you .
but the water has to be kept at 34 degrees so that the minerals can be absorbed by your body .
hey joshua ! is anny coming with us ?
just asking ? but why is your face burning like mad ? aha someone has a crush on anny does n't he ?
come on josh do n't be such a chicken . if you like her you 've got to tell her . maybe she likes you .
i 'd totally die if she turned me down .
i requested it . what do you say ? do you have your dancing shoes on ?
from the crown's . oh what lovely earrings you have ! are they diamond ?
he 'll come out with surprises . just wait and see . look at that woman with the white chiffon !
she 's chic is n't she ?
yes . i like the dress . it must be the latest fashion . look the hem has lowered and the waist narrowed .
it makes me feel rather shabby . that woman has a good taste in dressing i would say .
yes . she dressed with an individual flair . i rather envy her .
most women follow fashion like sheep . they do n't know any better than imitate .
i quite agree with you . see the woman there ? i dare say she has n't got any eyes . how could she match the mauve gown with the green handbag ? and all that jewelry !
so what ? it only makes her look cheap and vulgar .
you know those upstarts . they 're all showoffs ! i think i 'd better have a diet otherwise i 'd look like a ballon soon .
you 're quite slim . in fact if you were one of those starlets the movie company would say you have a fabulous figure .
how about seven ?
how about going to the suburbs ?
to tell the truth i feel tired .
is it stimulating ?
they have moved to chicago .
oh yeah . the total amount is no less than 13000 rib according to our itinerary .
hmm what i 'm fearful of is that the accommodation will also deteriorate once we choose a cheaper hotel .
that 'll be lovely . where are you going ?
well start out from long island this friday . we 've planned a four day drive to salt lake city where we 'll join my brother and his family on his fortieth birthday .
yes we 'll take our time . and we 'll go to fivelake strict and the wall street .
a new film is on . have you ever seen it ?
good . see you !
i like spring .
we 'd better go out for a walk .
i dislike it most .
i am afraid i ca n't be there on time .
me too . recently i 'm fascinated with netchat . i 've made many friends on the net . every day i talk to them and share many interesting things with them . i really enjoy it .
yes i should get there just in time for the women s 400m relay .
wow that should be really exciting especially with so many famous athletes there .
every time when heroes came back from the battlefield we took our hats off to them .
you were showing respect and admiration for them .
i agree . they 're very lovely especially huanhuan
cindy how come nearly all the primetime tv shows are comedies ?
that 's because americans love sitcoms .
sitcoms ?
situation comedies . a sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . if there is one thing that all the shows have in common it is teaching wholesome values .
in taiwan primetime shows are an hour long and most of them are n't comedies .
no i haven t . i haven t visited the bund either . i ve always had too much work to do .
yes i have . i went to the table tennis yesterday .
oh i fell over on the way to work .
it was ! but the worst thing was i tore my best shirt .
government is making efforts to change situation .
what ? it s only 9p . m . now . why today he went to bed so early ?
he ran four miles and came back dead beat .
i 'm tired of your cutanddried opinions . who do you think you are !
do n't cover up your sadness . let it go .
yeah . but his relation with sallycome to a sticky end and was found by his wife .
sorry i can t .
i ll pick you up at . . . say 730 ?
excuse me . may i take a picture of you and your little boy ?
oh that s a nice idea . well it s fine if you take our picture .
no i have n't had a chance to . but i have been watching a chinese tv scries called chinesestyle divorce .
oh . really ? i saw it two years ago . it 's worth seeing and it 's thoughtprovoking .
it reflects some of our difficulties in this everchanging world .
oh that 's too shortlived .
that 's true . it 's said the shortlived marriage is typical of the post 80s generation .
ii ca n't agree more . the onlychildgeneration in china tends to know little about marriage .
you were scared too ? i dared not tell you my feeling when i heard that . i almost got fainted .
hi kenji .
hello . could i speak to justin please ?
oh hi justin . this is karen hepburn . we met at chris and jim 's party .
of course . how 're you ?
great . uh justin would you like to see otis lesley on thursday night ? he 's at the kangaroo club .
my mother likes to split hairs .
you don t know that i have been overprotected by my mother these years . i am really about to leave the family and spread my wings .
we must set 1000 dollars aside each month .
but i . . . i do n't agree with that because computers weaken kids ability to think because kids do n't learn basic skills .
they ca n't spell they ca n't add they ca n't subtract they even do n't remember any more . that s because they rely on gadgets .
oh i wo n't be back so early . the film will be over at nine . can i have the key to the bicycle ?
oh dad i 'm not a child . i 'm 17 already . i 'll come back as soon as the film is over .
he s nearly 90 .
tom you promised to cut the lung . you wo n't forget will you ?
do you promise ?
i 'll see . i will if i can but i wo n't promise .
yes . but only if you ask me nicely .
haven t you heard ? richard was fired by our manager .
really ? i m surprised .
how do you do ? i m pleased to meet you .
tomorrow ? no i am afraid i won t be able to . i m going on business to birmingham .
i went to yale university .
i 'm twentyseven .
yes i have worked in a bank for the last years .
what do you do for a living ?
what kind of job are you looking for ?
no that s not true . i ve met two american women who were married to chinese . but those chinese look very strong and healthy . so if you exercise more often i bet it will surely be easier for you to date american girls . how old is jacky chan ? he s small and short . but i bet he can have any american woman he wants .
hey shirley ! want to join me for lunch . . . my treat !
i must confess i have an ulterior motive for asking you to lunch .
i know education is expensive but it 's been my lifelong dream . call me crazy but i 've always wanted to have that phd at the end of my name .
i think you need to separate the dream of having a phd from the reality of years of more schooling . it 's not as romantic as you might think .
yeah . . . i keep thinking about what i 'll do with a master 's or doctorate . i love language but i do n't think there are a lot of wellpaying jobs out there for experts on shakespeare .
well stress is a real thing . it 's not an imaginary condition .
it 's seriously affecting my life ! i ca n't sleep i do n't have much of an appetite and my husband says i 've been kind of short tempered . other people seem to handle stress okay . . . why am i so weak ?
you 're not weak . . . you 're stressed out ! stress has been a part of the human condition for millions of years . back when we still lived in the trees we had to watch out for predators . . . and as you might imagine that was pretty stressful .
yeah but i do n't see any tigers or leopards roaming around our office . my stress is just about silly paperwork !
but you 're actually having the same reaction as our treedwelling ancestors ! it 's called the flight or fight response . each time you feel like something 's threatening you your body decides whether to run away or fight . . . it causes all sorts of chemical reactions in the body .
you can call a mover .
but think about it you just need to pack your stuff and leave everything for the movers how much trouble you will save .
i know a mover which has a very good reputation for their service . i ll leave you their phone number .
it s 8357688 8 .
hey look at the offer i got in my email . it says that i can get rich quickly while working at home !
do you also believe in santa claus and the tooth fairy ?
it 's a scam 7 that 's based on a hierarchy like a pyramid . the person at the top asks the people below him for money and then tells them to go and ask other people for money while sending some of it back to him .
not exactly . the scam keeps on going with the people at the bottom paying more and more money until they reach the very bottom .
nothing . the people at the bottom give their money to the people above them and they get nothing . they end up losing . that 's why it 's a scam .
well every department is different . you would n't want your new coworkers to think you 're a grinch right ?
a grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic . you know a party proper .
but actually it s not done yet . i m going to get a special pendent lamp .
that s all right . let me see oh that lace looks so unique and it s so creative to make a picture display here . how did you get that idea ?
that s right we bought it the same day we came on the market .
no it has three bedrooms and three beds and has a living room with a twelvefoot ceiling . there s a twocar garage .
yeas when will you buy a house ?
every year the south has the floods . it is an act of god .
think in some way it is an act of god but in another way it just is caused by us .
really ? that 's a straws in the wind .
at least it is better than my boxed lunch at work . i 'm so fed up with the bland food . thank you for having lunch with me !
oh that 's good news for us .
what else ?
stones ? i know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?
how is aunty shirley ?
hey daniel what 's your favorite weather ? snowy or sunny ?
ew danny gross !
i love snowy because it is very very romantic .
studying in the university is not easy but it 's not as arduous as you think .
yeah . people always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances .
did you notice the characters on the lanterns ?
really ? then i 'm really lucky . oh it 's spewing fireworks from its huge mouth .
let me see . teetee training school summer program 3000 yuan learn how to drive within one month and get driver 's license within three months .
i think so . let 's see the next one 3500 yuan summer program . forget it .
i 've heard that the ideal life school is famous . they offer many programs and there are many classes available . the charge is also fair .
daniel have you ever heard about the wildlife sanctuary ?
is that different from this kind of zoo ?
i 've heard the hitchhiker would be on next week . i want to see it .
really ? it was on in 1994 for the first time . and it is really a classic .
yeah i am very impressed with tom hanks performance in the movie .
that 's my favorite .
you know it also won 6 oscar awards in 1995 . unbelievable !
wow it stars catherine zetajones my favorite actress .
well birds of a feather flock together . i like her too . she was in a lot of dramas .
what 's more she does n't have scandals . and she likes to take part in the charitable activities .
steven spielberg . another superstar .
yes a legend also . i still remember his movies jurassic park and schindler 's list got him nine oscar awards in 1994 .
i would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans .
i love being photographed ! if i were famous i d do interviews for all the top magazines like cosmo and elle .
you d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity so you d really need to be very careful . anyway i d be the first to buy your posters and i d attend your first booksinging when you wrote your autobiography .
yes i do . i also use an antispyware program and a firewall . there are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . you have to be very careful and keep you computer clean .
i use it for several thingssurfing the net word processing and creating presentations . i don t play many games on my computer but i do a lot of work with photographs . using c computer program you can edit and resize photographs . you can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones .
i think it s fairly useful but there are two big problems . first a lot of the information you find online is false . second when you buy something online you don t see it until you actually get it .
i can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . the problem is that for me each advantage has its own disadvantage .
not at all . i m an agnostic . do you ?
i think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
i basically believe in science over theology . i mean i believe in evolution for example . however there are many things that science hasn t explained yet .
i m sure that science will explain everything eventually . i think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
religions preach tolerance but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
i didn t realize it was a romance novel . what s the main storyline ?
there s movie ? my teacher didn t tell me that !
how about this . when you finish the book . i ll get the movie and watch it with you .
it 's gone with the wind .
sure . i like the writer 's language too .
would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
i checked it out of the rental library . it only costs five cents a day .
yes but they are used for other things too . do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to paris .
but i . . . i do n't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids 'ability to thinkbecause kids do n't learn basic skills .
they ca n't spell they ca n't add they ca n't subtract they even do n't remember any more . that 's because they rely on gadgets .
well mary types faster than jones . but i think jones types more carefully .
do n't loose heart . everything will be fine .
sorry i can t .
no no a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . i m going to describe someone s face and you guess who it is !
our cousin pete ! my turn ! she has a pointy nose sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !
mumm . no .
the world cup ! the first match is today ! it s mexico vs . south africa ! it s going to be a really good match ! both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . i think that south africa will probably dominate the first half since they are the host country and all .
this is bigger than the super bowl man ! teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . they first start in a group stage with bigger groups each group having 4 teams . the top 2 teams pass on to an elimination stage before going on to the quarter final sand semifinals .
that s both fortunate and unfortunate . it s the united nations in my class ! we have people from all over the world ! there are three germans a pole a scottish two french an american a brazilian a chilean a new zealander though he prefers to call himself a kiwi . who else do we have ? oh we also have a moroccan a togolese a pakistani and two indonesians !
that s quite the array of nationalities . everyone in my class is from asia except me . there are a few south koreans several japanese malaysian thai singaporean filipino kazakhstan and one russian .
and stay in the shallow area . i don t want to see you go any farther than that sandbar ! it s too deep out there and we didn t bring your floatier .
trina will you marry me ?
oh babe i can t wait to spend the rest of my life with you ! i can t wait for all the adventures we re going to have for all the fights and the laughter . i can t wait to grow old and wrinkly with you .
no need to sweat it . my parents agreed to pay for most of the wedding which is going to be lowbudget anyway . so roughly four hundred people which means that the hall at northwoods heights will be our reception venue . i thought it would be nice if we had the wedding at your parents church and my uncle of course would be officiating . we ll meet with him soon for some prewedding counseling . the music for the wedding ceremony was a nobrainer . my stepsister and her string quartet will take care of that . my cousin will be the official photographer . i thought it would also be nice if his daughter could sing a solo . did you know that she s going to be a professional opera singer ?
and then of course the ladies at the church would love to be our caterers for the banquet and we ll get the youth group to serve us . i was thinking that your friend s band could be our entertainment for the night . though they might have to tone it down a bit . or we could hire a dj . your sister s husband could get us a discount with that company that does the decor at weddings . what s their name again ? i was thinking that we could have an island paradisethemed wedding and our theme color would be a soothing blue like aquamarine . and there will be a huge seashell on the wall behind the podium where we ll make our toasts ! what do you think of small packages of drink mixes for our wedding favors ? who else am i missing ? oh your uncle could be our florist and his wife could make our wedding cake !
joanne let s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is okay ? let s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly so we can go our separate ways alright ?
fine with me . i just want to get this over with . it s important we make a clean break . i should have signed a prenup .
nothing ! anyway you re right there s no reason this has to be nasty . my lawyer tells me you ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property as well as the custody agreementi keep the cat and you get the dog . so that s done . . . finally .
fine but i m keeping the antique gramophone as my grandfather gave it to me .
whatever ! alright i ll concede the silly gramophone if you ll agree that i get the silver tea set .
oh joanne are we making a big mistake ? i know our relationship has been on the rocks for sometime but are you sure we can t reconcile and try again ? i still love you .
i m in the market for a job ! i went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until i got the names of a few employers i would like to work for . i have the resume i wrote for english class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . i ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so i can address the letters personally . and you know i can be charming in interviews . goodbye my penniless days ! hello salary and a career !
that s where you re making a big mistake ! you can t just guess peoples likes or sizes ! especially with clothes or jewelry . on top of that i think that you should get your mom something that shows how much you love her . at the same time you should show her that you took the time and effort to look for something that she would really like !
yeah you re right . when it comes down to it i can be pretty tacky .
yeah tell me about it . i know ! your mom is trying to learn spanish right ? why don t you get her a gift certificate for this great website i saw called spanishpod .
i like orange better .
what would you like to do tonight ?
the pleasure is mine . happy birthday and many happy returns of the day !
sportshoes . will you go with me ?
you 've formed a sound habit .
then how do you explain so many rich people committing suicide ?
let 's have seafood tonight and then go see the new movie at mall cinema . betsy told me it 's a beautiful love story and i should n't miss it .
right it was a chick flick just like this one so what 's the difference ? besides this is the last week for the third movie in destroyer series and i want to see that on a big screen . action movies need to be seen in a theater on a big screen .
that place does n't have a single meat dish . just fish and shellfish and you know i do n't like fish that much .
tom hanks is always my favorite film star .
yeah i 've been out of town .
oh it 's getting late . i 've got to run . it was nice talking to you karren .
but you promised to play chess with me this afternoon .
that s true . but we have known each other over the internet for a few months now . actually we are on an intimate level . we even plan to be engaged next month .
i found the ideal position . i m working for a plumbing company .
hmm hard to say wait yes it looks like you will do well in business and your ambition will help you a lot but . . .
you seem to have a large gullibility line . you believe everything that you 're told .
oh do you know why ? actually it s easy . because i always exercise . my exercise i think is very hard . i often feel very good after conquering these difficulties . i feel alive !
oh i know . i saw you doing pullups one time on the campus 5 and some students trying to imitate you .
well do what you like to do . it can be anything . jogging doing aerobics going bicycling and playing pingpong . absolutely anything . doing three or more workouts a week is good for you . but remember to do some stretches first .
ok wait a minute . . . let 's see . i 'm a taurus and it says mars is in the third house and is soon to eclipse venus . i do n't know what that means but then it says your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . remember to be positive . sounds good to me .
what about gemini ? what 's the prediction ?
since mercury has crossed paths with jupiter your fortunes are falling . bad luck will follow you today and you will lose that which you value . be careful .
no i am not eating there anymore . i have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . the food served in the cafeteria is not my type . i am a total meat lover . but the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . they have been serving the chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . haven t you noticed that ?
well there are two causes of job stress . one is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . so if we want to manage job stress both we and the companies should do something . for me i am trying to balance work and leisure time . you know all work and no play make jack a dull boy .
do n't you feel a little strange taking the place of your old boss after he was demoted ?
yes at first i felt very awkward . after bill was demoted and then resigned it was kind of like somebody died ! i mean the atmosphere in the office was like a funeral parlor or something . and then i was afraid people would look at me as a traitor for filling in his spot when the management asked me to . . .
did they mutiny ?
i heard through the grapevine that michael probably become the new sales manager .
i am not a rumor monger .
yes unbelievably cheap . carlsborg is less than 1 .
come on you do n't even know that blinds following is a sign of immaturity .
it 's a long time ago . when i first went to a bar to pick up girls there i saw the most beautiful girl sitting and sipping a coke . then i went up to her and said can i buy you a drink ?
if i can improve my vertical jump a few more inches i think beach volleyball might be my ticket .
to be honest i do n't think you could even win a gold in hopscotch !
you 've heard of bruce jenner have n't you ?
he won the decathlon in the 1976 olympics right ?
how about transom ?
fantastic ! i enjoy clubbing especially those clubs with live bands . the only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad full of smoke and the music is too loud so conversations are not really possible . once i nearly got burnt by a cigarette .
you are really career minded .
then open that window . yeah that one .
oh it 's getting late . i 've got to run . it was nice talking to you karren .
hi tim any news about your job interview ?
tom . . . you are her boss you kown . of course she 's helpful to you .
you have a lovely house jack .
well i think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room and maybe some new drapes for the windows . also a grandfather clock would look great in the den . perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
do you really think so ? i do n't think so . it was n't that bad film at all . did n't you hear the applause of the audience ?
please allow me to introduce myself . my name is tom .
i guess so . even though i seem to be over the worst of it . i do n't want to give the bug to anyone in the office .
it 's easy to get loose bowels in summer .
you ve got to be careful on the food you eat .
it took quite a while but the worst part was getting numbed . they had to give me 3 shoots .
no kidding . not only can t i stand the pain but man . . . dentists are expensive . the bill is going to be humungous !
i just heard through the grapevine something about you landing a job with some travel agency down town . you can still fill me in on tile details .
well anyway i made a beeline over to their office had an interview with the manager and was told to start work the next day .
don t tell me your re already bucking for a promotion .
okay enough small talk . let s get down to business .
my house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture .
people say that you never have a real winter in the south china but i do n't think so .
well speak of the devil .
it 's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then tomorrow afternoon there 's a chance of freezing rain .
well i was going to drive to birmingham to see some friends .
hey look outside ! it 's started to drizzle !
likewise . see you later .
to be honest i think classical music is too complicated for me .
not as far as i know . we have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! that s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable tv where you pay a fixed amount each mo
some people have satellite and cable tv in my country but people don t seem to keen to pay for their tv programmes . besides the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programmes .
i have had disagreement with every director . i ve worked with . we ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . it was the same when i made this movie . i don t no
i wanted to but my insurance company wouldn t let me . all of my stunts were done by a stuntman . as you know i used to do my own stunts but i ll leave that to the experts in future .
actually some of my fon best memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass .
unfortunately not . he was charged with a dui when he was in university .
not much it was a minor offence back then . he got away with a fine of 500 .
which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ?
i could n't even stand on it and hold the sail . i probably fell down fifty times .
this place serves good breakfasts do n't you think ?
i saw yesterday that they rent windsurfers at the beach . i want to rent one .
do n't waste your money . windsurfing is very hard . and it will be windy today . they will charge you fifty dollars for a halfhour and you wo n't be able to windsurf . you will fall and fall and fall .
yes but it takes a long time to learn . you would spend a thousand dollars to learn it on a rental windsurfer .
i ca n't see him . where ?
i do n't want people to think i 'm stingy .
alright . buy it then . i wo n't buy anything . well maybe i 'll buy some cognac .
maybe i could buy some cognac for my brother . he always drinks it .
why not fifty or onehundred dollars ?
okay . onehundred then . do you think i will lose it ?
blackjack . we can play blackjack . and i will gamble onehundred or maybe twohundred dollars .
pretty good . my colleagues seem alright . so far everything is great .
true take my former supervisor as an example . he was extremely controlling and overbearing . he always had to micromanage everything .
hi natasha how 's life ?
oh you must be very happy . how many people are there in your family ?
i have a small family . they are my parents my younger brother and me .
i thought you were the only child in the family . did n't china practice the onlychild policy in the early 1980s ?
yes it did . but my parents are ethnic minority people . it 's a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children .
oh that 's janice . she 's just new in town . you have a thing for blonds eh ?
all right . but i think you ought to move soon .
i can see five other guys eying her up .
i never chatted online before . what 's it like .
to people all over the world ! i have a lot of net pals . see the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . you can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were
well my suggestion for a newbie like you is that do n't get lost in the cyberspace . you know internet wo n't do the filtration for you so you still need to use your judgement . there are a lot of per
org ! it must be so late where you are . what time is it ?
really impressive . these two genres are totally different .
that is to say you like all genres except for horror movies .
the notebook is this type of movie .
you have it right . alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in china . drinking with business partners or wouldbe friends is a way of solidifying friendship especially in northern china .
i just felt embarrassed if i refused to drink when people toasted to me . but if i keep gulping down one cup after another i 'm afraid i would feel unfit or sick .
you lose face by refusing to drink and the host might think you refuse to give him face . the right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . this will endear you
then he must be opening his heart to the friends . in a word as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort no one will jeer at you .
what a nuisance ! every time i plan to go canoeing or camping a storm comes along . the sky gets dark the wind starts to howl and the temperature drops . well i 'd better stay home .
to australia . i 'm going to visit my uncle in brisbane for three weeks .
i once went to singapore by air . it was very excitingbut never again .
he put it out and flew back to the airport . then he asked the people at the airport where the emergency runway was .
someone called drexler . carl drexler . he 's been with the company onlytwo years . i 've been here longer . and i know more about the job too
you mean you think i did n't get the job because i come to work in jeansand a sweater ?
i had broken up with him how painful i feel . i m going to drown my sorrows .
i 've seen photos of ufos in america before but they 've all looked doctored up .
do you think that there 's life on other planets ?
i m betting the new york yankees win . how about you ?
well i m favor of the red sox . they ve had a good season .
sorry guys . could i just interrupt for a moment ? my money is on the yankees !
that s not a very good pick . i m against the yankees .
hey ken . good luck if you already put your money on the red sox .
no i can t let you have it for 12 . how about 14 ?
i m a firefighter .
no problem . just give us a few minutes more to pull them up though . we don t get that many english singers !
what was the biggest turing point in your life ?
i usee i would say that would be moving out of my parents house for the first time .
have you remarried since then ?
oh i hope not my first marriage was a mistake but this one isn t .
about 15 years now .
i think so hopefully we ll have a long and a happy life together .
we used to be really close but that all changed once she moved to shanghai . how about your family ? you did n't mention to your biological father .
you know iden i don t know much about you . where were you born ?
i had a pretty strict upbring and my parents and i were always fighting about it .
oh sure . once they reached middle age they became a lot less uptight .
my husband and i have thought about it but we 've decided not to have any . they 're just too expensive . besides with all the news about global warming on the news lately who knows what kind of worl
for me growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . i always wanted to be an only child so that i could always do what i wanted and so that i would n't ever have to share .
no way ! i spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 247 . you know i do n't think i 've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents home . what do you think fo the onechild policy
yes there is . teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . they want to go out have fun and explore the world . they want to develop their own view of life . parents usually try to discour
i had a big argument with david yesterday . i hope he s not still mad at me .
well talk to him about it next time you see him . he probably feels as bad about it as you do . close friends sometimes have disagreements . it s nothing unusual . neither of you said anything r
he seemed ok . we didn t stop and chat because we were on opposite banks of the canal . we just waved at each other .
oh i do n't think you 're shy ! you are always chatting with new people when we go to a party .
amanda told some very funny jokes . at the beginning of the party she was being ver serious .
very much . the birthday cake was delicious wasn t it ? emily told me that she and karen made it themselves .
not really . i know that it happens but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites you should be ok . even though i use online shopping facilities i don t think it s the best way to sho
yeah . i 'm going with jennie .
good coming .
my name is jane greenwood . glad to meet you .
but they 're hard to be disposed of .
you know how to draw and paint ?
i really want to go to the beach this weekend .
is it going to be perfect beach weather ?
never better thanks .
i 'm actually in school right now .
which school do you attend ?
good luck with that .
i go to pcc .
go to gate 56 the plane is now boarding you must hurry .
how are you doing today ?
well it depends on what you have .
seat 30b is right here sir . you may take your seat . i 'll put your bag in the above compartment .
it is a sixhour flight with anhour layover in los angles .
could you recall when and where you lost it ?
this is room 603 . i 'm afraid that the heating system does n't work . it 's very cold here .
we 're terribly sorry for that . we 'll send our staff io fix it now . or do you want to change your room ?
ok . is it convenient for us to come now ?
i see . wait in the room please .
if you have any problems just call us .
waiter the meat is overdone .
oh the baggage rack is full . put them under the seat for the time being .
to which gate do i need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to new york city ?
go to gate 18 . the plane is now boarding . you must hurry .
is this the friendship hospital ? please send an ambulance to 68 hu nan road .
is it urgent ? our ambulances are not enough to meet every call .
of course . it 's urgent . i think the partie nt is suffering from acute appendicitis . he may die if not treated in time .
do n't worry . we 'll put him in the stretcher . you are coming with us ? step in please .
he had appendicitis but is all right now that it was removed . he 'll have to rest for a few weeks to recover .
we are on our way . i think our first stop is buckingham palace .
and here is buckingham palace ! look is n't it beautiful ? it is much bigger than i imagined .
the bus is turning right to buckingham gate . and now we are joining victoria street .
this is lambeth bridge . we will then loop back and cross the river again on westminster bridge .
certainly sir . may i have your room key please ?
just a moment sir . i 'll calculate that for you . it comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today 's exchange rate .
is there any thing else sir ?
good morning sir . i 've brought the breakfast you ordered .
tomato orange and apple juice please .
i have a fifteenday vacation and i want to have a trip to england . is there any route that fits me well ?
you can find one at the ticket office .
thanks a lot . have a nice day .
then there 's the cantonese cuisine and the kiangsu cuisine . most southerners like them .
let me write it down on this slip of paper for you . you can show it to the taxidriver .
can we have two adjoining double rooms sir ?
have you made a reservation ladies ?
it 's a big room with a kingsize double bed and two single beds . we could also add rollaways .
alright hanks .
excuse me . may i take a picture of you ?
good evening ! this is mr . smith in room 609 .
well in that case i would like you to wake me up at 545 .
no . i am a transit passenger going to sweden .
why not go to paris ? it 's famous for arch of triumph eiffel versailles and place de la concorde .
you will visit the hyde park poet 's corner tower of london fleet street and tower bridge .
yes we do . what kind of room would you like ?
each night costs 320 rib but for a four night stay we can offer a discount of 15 .
1088 rib .
yes you do . there is a 300 rib deposit which we will refund when you check out . so in total you need to pay 1388 rib .
thank you . here 's your key and receipt . your room number is 408 . a porter will take your luggage to your room . the elevator is just around the corner .
i 'd like to order room service to room 202 please
excuse me . do you speak english ?
yes the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . is 24 c all right ?
that 's no problem . just dial 9 to get an outside line and then dial the number as usual .
may i have 5 tokens ? here is the money .
take the number 5 train and get off at the united squire .
do n't worry . there are so many people . we will join the touring party .
certainly sir . we 'll keep it in the cloakroom for you . here is your number . when you leave show it to the waiter behind the counter please .
for a week or so . do you give discount for a week or more ?
good morning . this is room 113 . i 'd like some breakfast please .
i 'd like some grapefruit juice marmalade two scrambled eggs with two sausages toast and a pot of black coffee please . how long will it take ?
may i have your key please ?
is there any particular brand you like sir ?
carlsborg .
yes two of us .
yes bill smith in room 713 .
yes i 'm calling from tenga company . i 'd like to know if you have rooms available for the nights from october 8 to october 12 . we are going to have a business conference .
could you sign each cheque here for me ?
if you want to order meals call 8801 . if you need other help call 8803 and someone will be there .
your seat is in cabin no . 5 the upper deck . it s near amid ship .
i have a spasm of nausea and dizziness .
much better now . thanks again .
well let me see . we have a nice one on which we still have several unfilled places .
does the tour have a chinesespeaking guide ?
what are you doing steven ?
i would like to check out now . my room number is 712 .
do you have any carryon luggage ?
twentytwo dollars
this is your voucher and you can get your luggage back on this . have a good trip !
yes i think so . i have just checked out . but i left my book in the room . can i get it back ?
excellent ! our company has more than ten years of experience in the adventure tourism and sports field . let me show you some options . this is our most popular choice our river guides will take you on a whitewater rafting trip followed by a ride in a hot air balloon !
i don t really think i m ready to throw myself down a river full of jagged rocks in a rubber boat or go up in the air in a wicker basket held up by an oversize balloon . what else do you have ?
well in that case we can take you hang gliding with one of our experienced instructors . it s the closest you can get to flying .
mmm . ok . well why don t you tell me a little bit more about what you would like ? we have everything from mountain biking to rock climbing to street luge .
i have the perfect option this package will take you on a hiking trip through the himalayas for three days and afterwards there s a dog sledding journey !
where are you coming from ?
yes . i have some travellers cheques and two credit cards .
perfect ! this package includes roundtrip flights to new hampshire . a free airport pickup is included . our vip limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger foods to soften the thirtyminute ride to the countryside .
that is the best part . your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests . you will enjoy an intimate and private time in this very spacious and warm n included in the price is three meals a day excluding beverages . you can choose to eat at the fabulous restaurant that offers a stunning view of the lush green gardens . if you prefer your own private butler can arrange your meal to be served in your room or outside on our terrace .
yes it 's 167 .
1808 . the toilet doesn t work properly . the water doesn t run in the shower .
thanks . was there a mina bar in the room ?
this is the route i thought we could take on our hike on saturday afternoon .
then we turn south and come back to the car park along this path .
that s fine . are there signposts along the way in case we get lost ?
good morning ! the inland hotel . how may i help you ?
i need a suggestion for a restaurant here in manhattan .
my date 's very sophisticated so i 'm sure she would expect nothing but the best .
that sounds good . what 's the charge ?
oh is it ? let me check .
we paid for the room service already in our room .
yes this is my overseas travel accident insurance card .
yes i checked again and again but i ca n't find it . by the day after tomorrow can i have the ticket reissued ?
i talked with the manager over the phone and he told me i can have it reissued because i have a copy of my lost ticket .
yes please . we re on my way out . you can put up make up sign on . could you bring us some towels and hangers .
do you sign the register please ?
your room number is 827 . the bailboy will take your bags and show you to your room .
hi i m testify chen the tour guide for the ged agency . we have a reservation of twenty room for tonight .
please put your luggage outside your room by eight . the bailboy will pick them up .
shall we arrange a bail boy to pick up your luggage at nine o clock ?
may i have your room number please ?
1218 . we ll collect your luggage at nine o clock tomorrow . would you then come to the front desk to get your storage receipt please ?
your sister said you fainted three times during the injection .
may told you ? oh may she 's such a tattletale .
please keep calm . i know the pain isn t what flesh and blood can stand . but be brave .
i went to the doctor yesterday .
thank you doctor . goodbye .
probably not . some medicine we need is ethical drug which you ca n't buy without a prescription .
let me examine you . don t worry . it s nothing serious .
i 've got an awful headache too and my throat hurts .
sir we run a spotless and cockroachless hotel .
i want to change rooms . in fact i want a refund for tonight !
the next cockroach i see will be number ten .
mr . sandals i 've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach .
this room is overrun with cockroaches .
there has been an occasional silverfish in the hotel sir .
your inspector needs spectacles . the fact is that cockroaches are running rampant .
i 'm kneedeep in cockroaches !
thank you . i 'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact .
this hotel has no fullsize pool but we do have swim stations in our gym .
may i see your id please mr . sandals ?
i am here to get my prescription filled .
should i avoid alcohol with this medication ?
i can suggest a product called techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
my girlfriend told me that i grind my teeth a lot when i sleep . maybe that is the problem .
i need help picking out a lotion .
we have techne and it is available in lotion or cream .
does the pian become more intense at night ?
do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part ?
acupuncture may cause just a little pain but it also causes a certain feeling of numbness and distension . we 'll try it every day for seven days . will that be all right ?
doctor i feel much better now . will i be albe to go home some time this week ?
yes . i 'm going to give you some . take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . for that one two tablets . and remember to come to the outpatient department for a consultation in two weeks please .
come over here . i will test your eyes . first cover your left eye like this and when i point please read the chart from the top and go as far as you can telling me which way the e points .
good morning doctor . i 've been suffering very much from a toothache lately .
yes . this big one is badly decayed . i 'm afraid it must be taken out .
yes . sometimes i can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . and i often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge .
does it occur seasonally or all year round ?
it has been seasonal during these past three years .
yes things like seafood and penicillintype drugs .
ok . let me examine your nose . according to your case history and the examination i believe that it 's allergic rhinitis .
do you have regular bowel movements ?
let me take a look at your abdomen . lie down on your back and bend your knees up . ok . relax . . . alright it seems like you have a duodenal ulcer but we 'll have to run some tests before i can be certain . you should get a good rest first and try not to strain your stomach too much .
i have a laceration on my left forearm .
i got hit by a car in an accident .
well this does n't look too serious . nurse could you please get me a suture set ?
i feel cold and i 'm shivering . i have a terrible headache and a sore throat .
and show me your tongue . . . thank you . that 'll do . you have slight tonsillitis and your throat is inflamed . how is your appetite ?
now let me take your temperature . please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse ?
dear friends . here i wish to say a word of thanks for holding this sendoff party for me . actually i did n't expect at all for this . i owe a lot to all of you here . it 's been 5 days since i came to visit here . time really flies . i feel grateful for your welcome and help in the five days . i will miss you while i am leaving . let 's keep in touch in any way . what 's more to the success of our facetoface meeting to the upcoming cooperation of our two companies bottom up !
so you must consider dearly before you go to work .
good morning miss cai . congratulations ! you ve passed the interview .
well betty . since you ve done well during the probation period we decided to employ you formally . and now we need to sign the formal agreement .
madam i made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . i think there are something needs to modify .
the second thing i would like to point out that is packaging . it 's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes . but i think the wooden cases are much safer .
of course . a twoweek paid vacation a year a fiveday workweek .
good . anything else ?
well we 'll give you our decision in a couple of days . it 's a pleasure to talk to you mr . liu .
no problem . we can offer you a flat with two bedrooms and a living room .
do you have the meeting report ready ?
kenvir ? hi it 's alice . i 'm very sorry that i have a big favor to ask you again .
have you checked the fuse box ?
yes the fuse had blown and i 've changed it but now the motor keeps cutting out .
i think the gears have seized up
do you know what you will be doing yet ?
glad to . the fair is a big gathering taking place twice a year thousands of businessmen from more than a hundred and fifty countries and regions are here to trade with china .
i see . would you be interested in seeing the audiovisual products ? they are made by our company .
we are interested in some precision machine tools . we have some inquires on hand .
that 's fine . we can supply all kinds of precision machine tools . our products are much admired in the world market and enjoy a wide acceptance in modern industry .
can i have a look at your catalogue and the corresponding technical data ?
do n't take it too hard . there are some tips you should know in jobhunting of 2010 .
firstly you must always show your best to the interviewer . and secondly try to avoid spamming through emails because this will make the reader go crazy . the last but not the least there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age .
as you know we are in a very special time . this is a very hard time for many countries economics both developed and developing . i think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies .
he was very distinguished maybe a bit overqualified .
ohhhh . i hate this part of my job .
most people think that wealth means success . but from my point of view the problem should be viewed from two aspects . on the one hand wealth is a very important thing to measure success . the ability to make money to some extent signifies your knowledge your capability the value of your labor etc . . with the development of our economy and industry more and more people are pursuing money these days . and in toda s society if you have money you seem to have everything . but this is not the case . i think success on the other hand also means satisfaction from work . it also means that you can get respect from others .
he always says i am a hard worker with consciousness of responsibility sufficient education and enough experience .
what would your colleagues say about you ?
well there 's a lot of stress in a chinese company also although much of it is below the surface . i have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . if i have a problem with a coworker i do everything i can to work it out directly with that person . if i am unable to work it out then i ask a supervisor to help out . if my boss shouts at me i try not to take it personally . i try my best to understand the stress he is under . it 's kind of like being in a family . often family members say things in the heat of the moment but do n't mean what they say . a company is like a family it has good times and bad times .
under what kind of circumstance will you lose your temper ?
maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done .
i can t make out anything the words are too light . i thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month .
we have thought of you carefully with discretion but the other candidate has more experiences .
maybe you can hire me on trial . if i 'm not qualified for the job you can let me go .
look the printer isn t functioning well . i ve pushed the start button . it is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . what s going on ?
it is hard to tell . maybe it is because you 're not resourceful enough to be a manager .
you are welcome please call me if you change your mind .
hello is that miss lan ? this is nina with huawei corp .
yes except the personal mail . and i also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the email box regularly .
today is september 28th 2007 .
when will it begin ?
it will begin at three o 'cock . what 's the time now ?
get the clients contact info from my rolodex .
what else would i prepare sir ?
please print out the meeting agenda for me to look over .
and make sure to return my rolodex to my desk when you are done with it .
susan can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in china ?
well as per capital income goes up and up the growth sector seems to be in the highend .
we are willing to be your agent in thailand for handheld tools . what do you think ?
4 is too low i think . you see we have a lot of work to do in sales promotion such as advertising on radio or tv printing booklets leaflets catalogues and so on . it all costs money 4 is not enough .
you mean to saya
think it over . we hope to keep a good business relationship with you .
so now we have covered all the important points .
ok under this contract we ll supply you with 600 dozen tshirts s m and l equally assorted at usd 100 per dozen cfr london . shipment in july . payment by irrevocable sight lc .
you may rest assured that shipment will be effected within the time limits stipulated in the contract . but there is also one point i d like to stress .
your lc must be opened at least onemonth before the time shipment otherwise we wo n't be able to catch the ship .
no problem . i ll have the covering lc opened as soon as i wetback . in addition would you tell me by whom the commodity inspection is conducted before shipment ?
the goods will be inspected by the china import export commodity inspection bureau . it will then issue certificate of quality and a certificate of weight . these will be taken as final and biding .
do you work there ? i have an interview today with dale mendoza . do you know her ?
within two weeks because the new employees need to receive induction training .
hello dana okro .
hello dana this is kevin abrahams from eureka corp . i do n't know if you 'll remember me but we met last week at the chamber of commerce luncheon .
no problem at all . i wo n't keep you any longer . i 'll put a package to you in the mail and we 'll go from there .
hi this is abc company . is that joseph ?
hi is that li ling ?
i am rejoiced to tell you that you are employed .
you are expected to report for onjob training on the 15th of may . will you be there ?
first you should have a salutation which can be the company 's or a person's name .
what should i write except these ?
you should also state that you are his class president so you are qualified to write this recommendation letter
i am a little bit shy and i blush every time i speak in public . i think i should open myself more and be more outward with people .
sit down please . maybe you have read the contract but i want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . you must have a threemonth internship .
how long will the induction training be ?
because the job i am doing in my present company is of no challenge but i like challenge . your firm is a young organization with many innovative ideas . it has been very successful in expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge i am looking for .
hello steven . we 're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . i want you to find one for us .
the agent we are looking for will help us in britain with publicity advertising and so on .
yes i must go to shanghai to attend a meeting about our plan .
our production speed is almost twice the industrywide average . and we 've already expanded the factory this year .
3 o 'ctock this afternoon .
i m afraid i 'll be tied up at 3 o clock this afternoon . could you make it 5 o 'clock this afternoon ?
fine . goodbye .
ok . the x2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time . it will reduce your work load at the office .
of course . one of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality and of compact size . no one can match us so far as quality is concerned .
can you introduce its price level to me ?
mr . simpson if you are free how about a lunch ?
how about thursday ?
good . i 'll be there at 1230 .
yes you are responsible for keeping all files in order .
oh . this is paul . when will he be back ?
my name is helen levin . i 'm the hr director of our company .
miss levin . nice to meet you .
well mary types faster than jones . but i think jones types more carefully .
we have achieved great success last year . the most important is that we realize our strength lies in aftersale service .
i think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . how about meeting each other halfway ?
that still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . let 's meet each other halfaway again and split the difference i think this is a price we can both be satisfied with .
mr . smith . could you give me your quotation for your bicycle a5 fob qingdao ?
since this is a sizeable order i was thinking you might give us a 5 discount .
you 've got a large collection of sample foodstuffs here .
yes . we are exporting a wide range of foodstuffs to many countries . and the demand is getting greater and greater . by the way which items are you interested in ?
i 'm particularly interested in shortbreads . do you have some samples you could show me ?
yes . this way please . our shortbread is in a variety of flavors such as almond walnut lotus seed etc . and different packaging has different weights . we can make packages within a reasonable range of any size you require .
how was your appraisal with the boss ?
i am thinking about resigning from my current job .
good for you but your leaving will be a great loss to us . it is so nice to work with you .
it is ok with me . so i will be arriving at your office around 2 fifteen pm . do you have a projector in your room ? i would like to show you some related charts
if we were in the same conference room i would not work late these days . that conference room has been booked out . this time our boss wants to hold the meeting in our company . so everything has to be rearranged and checked like tables chairs mean tacks podium audio and visual equipments and even the lunch menu .
i prefer a sedentary job and i used to work as an operator .
that is the best one i have seen . i am sure our target customers young people will love it .
you re welcome . you know these days i have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . the more i think about it the more i hate myself for being so disorganized . i decided to change the situation as soon as possible . otherwise i will be more regretful later .
yes i can adjust to anything .
it s my pleasure .
we can have it to you at that time .
excuse me sir may i talk to you ?
bill ! sure come on in . what can i do for you ?
well sir as you know i have been an employee of this prestigious firm for over ten years .
i understand your position and i know that the current economic downturn has had a negative impact on sales but you must also take into consideration my hard work proactiveness and loyalty to this company for over a decade .
that sounds fine . please give me your name and phone numbers . i ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . it will most likely be in a couple of days . is it all right for you ?
not at all . go ahead .
i 've heard that the company is very strict with its staff . is that true ?
how could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university ?
we could contact alumni who work for large wellknow companies . they might be able to arrange cheap advertising in exchange for some free tickets .
the demographic reports are in . . . from the looks of it we 're going to have to reevaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues .
why what 's the lowdown ?
according to the report our boston crowd is quite different makeup from our chicago folks . our boston consumers are mostly from midlevel to upperclass income levels university or postgraduates married no children white collar . . . you know the kind . chicago on the other hand is mostly mid to low income levels single parent homes blue collar . . . i think we 're talking about two totally different target groups .
just a minute please . i ll make a call to the hr office . yes they confirm your appointment . please come in . it is on the 3rd floor room 3106 . you can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
what 's holding us back on the plant expansion project ? we were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago . why have n't i heard anything about it ? did the whole project just vanish into thin air ?
no sir . the plant expansion project has been delayed . there was a snag up in the fling process to get the necessary construction permits . it seems that the property we were slated to build on is also habitat for some endangered indigenous species .
we need to maximize the chances that our site will be at the top of search engine lists but i 'm not sure how to do it .
from the numbers it seems like forest inc . is our digest competitor . . . le 'ban and markford are also major contenders in our market .
le 'ban is the new kid on the block it 's amazing they 've had such tremendous success so soon . . . with them on the scene the competition is outthrough .
we 're in a very competitive environment . it 's sink or saimin this market .
yes i want to know exactly where the money is going . give me a detailed report .
i have two people to a room . the 80 room rate is the lowest i could find . with the conference going on that week all the hotels have inflated their prices they 're making a killing .
so far we have 2800 what else ?
i have budget 25 per peron per day for food expenses . that totals another 800 . and for other incidentals like take fees and tips i have estimated about 400 .
so how does it work ? how were you able to make money with the marathon ?
each of the runners that participated the marathon race paid a ten dollar entrance fee . also they went door to door to get sponsors who pledged a dollar per mile that participants ran . all in all we were able to raise several thousand dollars .
well it 's not going to be in our department . i 've recommended you for an interdepartmental transfer . there 's supervisory spot opening up in financial . i 'm turning your name in for it .
how would you describe your ideal job ?
visual c c and delphi .
yes please . my telephone number is 29745328 and you can call me at any time in the daytime .
we 'll notify you if necessary . goodbye .
would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out ?
hello bcd company can i help you ?
well thank you for your time and consideration again .
no thank you . goodbye .
do you have any questions we did n't cover in the interview ?
i m temping at a pharmaceutical company .
thank you . goodbye .
well it is n't at this office . it 's over at the dayton street office . have you been there before ?
i think i will call the office to send someone to meet us and escort that person to the nearest hospital without interrupting our trip .
really ? they did n't give you one with your ticket ?
i ca n't see cortex on this floor plan . do n't they have a booth here ?
they must . let me look at that . here it is . cortex . it 's on the second floor next to the roll booth .
for whom ? cortex ?
yes . cortex just stole darren mcdowell from rolly . and probably darren will be here . so he will have to spend the whole show standing next to his old cortex coworkers .
i 've never met darren . but you 're right . that would probably be uncomfortable .
yes maybe . if you 're darren mcdowell you should probably check .
well yuri tell me about it .
it is not only the earthquake sir . but the mudslides . much of the north half of the site has been covered over by mud .
mud ? but ivan told me there were no mudslides in that district . i thought all the mudslides were down in chichitango .
that 's what we thought sir . that 's what the news reported . but there was one little mudslide in our district too . right above our site .
oh that 's terrible ! what bad luck ! i wish we had never come to this country . but if it is n't the strikes and the revolutionaries it 's the earthquakes . our operations here are finished !
it 's not your fault yuri . but tell me . when will ivan be able to get out there ?
well it took me about nine hours to get back here by car . if ivan leaves tonight i think he should be there by tomorrow lunch .
but sir . . .
yes yuri ?
i would n't recommend sending ivan now . especially not at night . the roads are n't safe .
no sir . the bridges are fine . but i 've heard rumors that the revolutionaries are coming down from the mountains . there has been fighting sir .
oh this is terrible yuri . terrible ! so we ca n't even assess the damages . how can we do business in this country ? either we 're buried under mud or we 're in danger of getting kidnapped . no i ca n't believe this mess !
today is tuesday .
he 's here on tuesdays wednesdays and fridays . what day did you want to see him ?
yes . my name is laura wills .
come in arnold . have a seat .
good morning .
you mean because people have to go across town to get here .
01088256798
ok you will be hearing from mr wood later in the afternoon then mr john .
you look tired .
yeah i ve been working so much overtime lately .
i know . but hard work pays off you know .
morning mary ? it s john kramer calling . you remember you handled my tax forms for me ?
of course mr . kramer . how are things going these days ?
hi robert . this is janet reese calling from american advertising . we placed an order with you about a week ago .
yes ms . reese . i remember you spoke with me . is there a problem ?
good morning . could i speak with mr . willard please ?
this is chris emerson speaking .
christine i know you re new here and there s a lot to learn but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . we can t afford to lose an important document .
do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? i want to give my secretary a copy .
finance angie speaking .
hi angie it s tom reynolds here . can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved ?
yes mr . reynolds . they were approved yesterday . you can pick up the check today .
ok well let 's coordinate our efforts . should this party be formal or casual ?
i agree . next we have to decide on food . we have a choice of chinese or continental cuisine . which one should we have ?
should we invite the whole committee or should we just have the subcommittee there ?
do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our subcommittee ?
i think that we should have just the subcommittee .
yes this is my overseas travel accident insurance card .
hello . excuse me .
i 'm sorry we could n't find it sir .
yes it 's fast . but four minutes is enough to do fifty thousand dollars damage .
i wonder if anyone can call the ridleys about this . do you know them well ?
it s a programme about islam . it s very interesting .
pilgrimages are common in many faiths .
yes . the two sides declared a short ceasefire but it broke down earlier today . several military target were destroyed by bombing . many civilians were among the dead and wounded .
politicians from both sides sound increasingly belligerent . neither side wants to compromise .
relief agencies report that many civilians are in desperate need of food and shelter . several european countries have agreed to send aid but are afraid that their planes will be shot down .
what is contained in that letter ?
you will receive a continued claim form and every two weeks you must turn it in .
is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?
did you generate any income during that time period ?
i guess america is finally maturing .
i didn t think about it like that .
you re lucky .
my vote was for barack obama .
times are changing .
i 'll need your name and account number .
do n't worry i can help you with that . i understand that new technology can sometimes be unnerving . the first thing we need to do is check the atm is in service . this one is fine .
yes i sure can . i feel like a dinosaur with all of these youngsters and their electronics . this machine is working then ?
just look at the screen here . it 'll give you prompts you see ? now you need to enter your pin number then press enter to confirm it .
almost all of them do . a few are independent . that means that they do not belong to a party . if one party more than half of the mp s . they form a government . that means that they choose a prime finist
this is a small group of peopleperhaps 25 mp s who are usually ministers . they make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
yes it does because they have most of the mp s . most mp s vote the way their party wants them to .
hello . gail willows speaking .
ms willows hello . this is daniel calling from iba bank .
yes it 's from satura beds of tokyo .
yes with a fine toothed comb as usual . everything seems fine except for one thing . the description of the items we are purchasing is a little different from what we expected .
no problem . first of all we can provide a business licence . secondly enterprise id certificates forex registration and . . .
forex registration ?
hello . i 'm hoping to buy some treasury certificates today . are they available ?
certainly visible treasury certificates . then you can get a receipt from the savings office as proof of payment . hence the visible you can see it .
how about bearer certificates ? are they different ?
certainly . we can transfer the money straight into your bank account here and then you can withdraw it right away . could i have your passbook for banksecurities account transfer ?
your balance today is 120376 rib .
what you need to do is apply for an amendment on your existing l c .
i received a letter asking me to come in and see you . i 'm mr simons from dalton's electrics .
oh yes . hello mr simons . i have some information about your l c amendment . the negotiating bank has just informed us that the 3rd party does not wish to accept the amendment .
hello jc consulting plc . chris edwards speaking .
mr edwards this is kristy calling from iba .
do you remember coming in to do the l c amendment last week ?
no mr edwards not at all . we are contacting you to let you know that everything has gone smoothly and the amendment has been accepted .
we 'll have our own secure internet banking service . what it is is a sort of online financial service for enterprises and individuals so you could get it . it 's for doing all types of ebusiness .
it 's th 15699324873 0 .
personal internet banking is a self service financial service that is based on the internet . it can be used by both businesses and individuals . we offer an online payment service personal net banking which includes services such as account transfers personal foreign exchange trading . you can also get account management services online bill payment for household bills like gas and electricity . . .
i do n't usually like to use atms i like dealing with a real person you see .
now you can do it via our atms . it 's convenient and easy to use . and we have 4 machines in this branch so the queues are not usually very long .
good afternoon lincoln corporate services . lina speaking how may i help ?
hello lina . i 'm calling about your new pin scheme . i 'm new to all of this so some of my questions may sound a little ignorant . . .
that 's not a problem i 'm more than happy to explain everything in laymen's terms . pin stands for personal internet banking . you can do all of your usual banking using the internet no need to call
four . they are loco invoice fob invoice cif invoice and franco invoice .
by loco invoice the price includes only the cost of goods at the warehouse of the seller . by fob invoice the price includes the cost before the cargo is delivered . by cif invoice the price includes all the expenses of cost freight and insurance . the price in franco invoice includes all expenses to destination .
our afghan customers wanna buy china 's tea . i am thinking of placing an order with you .
of course here you are . these are black tea from anti oolong tea from guangdong oolong tea from fujisan and longing tea from xinu . the new products are curls black tea crushed black tea and so on . they are the best sellers in many countries .
oh such a variety . all of them are excellent both in color and flavour . no wonder our people like china s tea better than any other kind . could you give me some idea of the prices ?
i 'd like you to quote me cif karachi .
yes i ve come to inquire about a 6000 dollar remittance from california . has it arrived ?
the phone number is 328 6765 extension 105 .
it 's 7 . 2 fixedrate loan .
thank you . i want to make a withdrawal of 150 dollars .
do you have an account with this bank ?
not really . the credit card is a revolving account . you only pay interest on what you owe .
yes i 'll be happy to cash these for you . would you please countersign them here ?
bill i 'm expecting a big increase in turnover with the coming of the midautumn festival . but wholesales are unwilling to supply my orders unless i pay them an advance of 50 of the full price for my business is fairly new . i hope that you can make me an advance on loan .
do you have stocks or a title deed of a house to pledge as security ?
yes i can . you know mr . macready the famous car dealer here in new york . he agreed to act as my guarantor of a loan in the sum of us l0 000 until the end of this year .
do you want small bills or large ?
it does n't matter .
do you want anything else ?
the deadline is normally no more than 5 years with the interest adopted according to the corresponding lending rates announced by the pbc .
well the yearly interest rate is 5 . 49 for 3 years . i 'm sure you are qualified to apply for this loan .
that 's very thoughtful of you . thank you so much .
could you change these for me please ?
twenties and some smaller bills please .
wait a second please . . . these are 24060 rib and the receipt please check them .
all right thank you so much goodbye .
i 've got a telegraphic order . will you cash it ?
um . . . hello i would like to open an account .
please write down your name address and the amount of your deposit here . and please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it .
ok . thanks . goodbye !
i want to buy a car to facilitate my life . but i do n't have enough money . could you supply a loan to me ?
it 's only 4 . 5 for oneyear loan . do you want to apply now ?
all right . thank you .
ok ! thank you .
what separates your product from the competition ?
our product features inventory tracking software which continuously updates and tracks your inventory on a realtime basis .
is this the law firm of a b ?
i need to speak to an attorney regarding filing corporate govemance .
you definitely made the right move by calling . our primary business is creating conducting and customizing fully interactive human resources workshops for companies just like yours .
it seems that my employees are having trouble working as a team . not to mention serious lapses in service sales and leadership skills .
well as we know nothing comes out of a can . we have years of experience tailoring workshops to the specific needs of your company . we can hone in on your problem areas and have your employe
let me calculate the price for you . i can give you a 15 discount if you buy the seven units . let s see here . your total would be 5929 dollars .
so you say we can do it for 6000 dollars .
in taipei you know the company usually installs the things they sell . they do n't charge extra .
yes i suppose i should get used to it . but i 'm not really willing to spend more than 6000 dollars for this . we have n't even opened yet .
i will tell you what i can agree to . if you can quote me a price of 6000 dollars installation included i can accept .
you do seem like a better company than the other one . so i am willing to pay more than 4000 for you . but i wo n't pay more than 6000 .
yes it 's about 35 pesos for every taiwan dollar right ?
not today .
i went into the bank with my money and i looked at the exchange board . at first i could n't believe it . i thought i was reading the board wrong or something .
because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .
so i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true . they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .
let me just make sure . you want to withdraw one thousand dollars .
that 's easy . it was your office ergonomics that decided me .
yes . it is very important to me . my mother worked in offices for twenty years and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . i have been reading about repetitive stress injuries and i know that t
yes there has been a lot of research into rsi 's . something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . tell me did anything else influence your decision ?
yes i noticed that you have professional training and teambuilding days . i like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
