 to the office  .  i 'll be right back  .  
 absolutely  .  i  m a great mechanic  .  
 yes  i have many things to buy  .  i would like to choose the cleaning milk first  .  
 i want to buy the toothpaste  the brand of jiajieshi  .  
 it 's still too dark  .  any brighter colours  ?  
 oh  that 's the very thing i need  .  
 i need some stamps  .  
 i overcooked the corn  .  
 you  re welcome  .  
 i want a leather jacket  .  
 thank you  but i 'm just looking around  .  how much does this skirt cost  ?  
 of course  please  .  
 how much is it  ?  
 1336 yuan  .  
 could you show me the coat on the shelf  ?  
 of course  .  here is the fitting room  .  
 well  how do i look in this one  ?  
 i wish to buy a diamond ring  .  
  5900  .  
 what did you do for your last move  ?  
 you are welcome  .  
 are you new here  ?  
 have you got small change  ?  they require exact fare  .  
 beijing library  .  
 would you like to order now or wait for a while  ?  
 yes  i would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks  .  
 please bring me some trifles and apple pies  .  
 yes  .  fill it up  please  .  
 thank you  sir  .  have a nice drive  !  
 yes  .  i 'm ok  .  i just had a tumble  .  no big deal  .  
 how about oil or spray  ?  
 how do you want your moustache trimmed  ?  
 my feet is size 37  .  
 sorry  things on sale are not allowed to be refunded or exchanged  .  
 yes  i would like to return these slacks  .  
 i will have to give you store credit  madam  .  if you can find something else you like in the store  you can use the credit  .  
 just give the man standing there 3 yuan and he 'll give you a token  .  then  you slip it into the slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in  .  
 no  you do n't have to  .  here comes the train  .  
 buy them now though  or they might not still be here tomorrow  .  
 here are my coupons  .  is that enough  ?  
 it 's quite good  .  i will take it  .  
 you two are always quarrelling over little things  .  
 if your pet ruins the apartment walls or carpet we  ll keep your pet deposit  .  if not  we  ll return your deposit when you move out  .  but be careful  we don  t allow pet snakes in the apartment  .  
 it  s the one you like  .  
 i hate to complain  but this soup is too salty  .  
 my car has broken down  .  
 david bush  .  
 hello  ?  mr  .  bernie  .  my name is lisa  .  i hope i  m not disturbing you  .  i just heard about your daughter  .  i wanted to call you and tell you how much we  ll miss her  .  
 thanks  .  i 'll be right back  .  
 here 's your receipt  .  
 you 're welcome  .  please come again  .  
 yes  i am looking for a skirt  .  what 's in fashion now  ?  
  a moment later  it 's cute . the color suits my complexion  .  
 by the way  there 's a barber shop in the shopping center  too  .  
 is it all right to smoke on the bus  ?  
 here it is  .  let 's go  .  
 for our errands  and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street  .  
 give me two cokes also  please  .  
 okay  let me brush you off  .  thank you very much for coming  .  
 why not try on this lovely pair of shorts  ?  i 'm sure they 'd look fabulous on you  .  
 that 'll be  70  please  .  will you be paying by cash or charge  ?  
 ten and a half  .  
 don  t mention it  .  
 you  re welcome  .  
 it 's a private garden  .  
 i 'm afraid you ca n't smoke here  .  
 ca n't you see the notice here  ?  
 she 's a late riser  .  
 you mean we 'll share the taxi  ?  
 take me to the airport  please  .  
  after arriving on time  here 's twenty dollars  .  
 but number 13 buses leave from the center of town . you ll have to walk two miles to catch one  .  
 yes  ?  
 can you tell me the way to the peak tram  please  ?  
 can you repeat all that  ?  i think i 'd better write it down  .  
 yes  .  when is the next train to new york city  ?  
 which subway should i take to get to the east side  ?  
 yes  .  there are trains at 7 fiftynine  9 eighteen  10 thirtytwo and 11 fiftyfive  .  
 return  please  .  
 the ad says  325 plus deposit  .  
 i recommend you buy a twobedroom house  .  it is very suitable for a couple  and some twobedroom houses are large enough for a onechild family  .  
 it depends  .  
 how is this going  ?  
 that is what i am looking for  .  could i go to see the house tomorrow afternoon  ?  
 sure  .  can i get to the central department stall this way  ?  
 it  s about fifteen minutes  walk  .  that  s all  .  
 you are welcome  .  good luck  .  
 i  m worried about my daughter  .  she can  t decide about college  .  
 well  i think maybe i should find a house that is closer to where i work  .  
 i  m not sure  .  perhaps you could do the shopping  .  
 thirty u  .  s  .  dollars  .  .  .  and it 's only been used for six months  .  
 i need help finding a new refrigerator  .  
 i need to buy a new refrigerator today  .  
 not only is it affordable  but it comes with all the appliances  .  
 i like what i see  .  
 i can tell you where i got mine  .  
 i found mine at ikea  .  
 yes . we re interested in seeing the rooms for rent  .  
 oh  this is fine  .  
 frank london  .  any chance of a table by the window  ?  
 how about some oolong tea  ?  it 's very popular with our guests  .  
 let 's go  !  
 you 're getting that hot stuff in my mild broth  !  
 i know girls love this kind of car  .  look  it 's got a sunroof  !  imagine  .  .  .  a cool  starry night  .  .  .  
 i 'd like to buy a tie to match this suit  .  
 sure  !  look  it suits you well  .  
 yes  .  i 'd like to buy a sweater for my husband  .  which style is the latest  ?  
 want to taste this dish  ?  
 definitely  .  it 's a wonderful meal  .  thank you  honey  .  
 bill smith  .  
 it  s ready to go  .  
 grabbing  pushing and shoving  .  .  .  
 the rent is  600 a month  ?  
 well  i think i  ll take it  .  can i write you a check for the security deposit now  ?   1200  ?  
 thank you  .  see you tomorrow  .  
 not that i can think of  .  wait a second  we  re out of breakfast cereal  .  i think corn flakes are on sale  .  get those  .  
 you will spoil him  .  
 looks like a standard lease  .  
 no  they  re coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on  .  my phone should be working then  too  .  
 oh  i seem to lose something every time i travel  .  
 well  .  the doctor does n't see nobody without an appointment  .  
 click on that  .  
 yeah  just fill out this form and choose a password  .  the computer will do the rest  .  
 now have a look  please  .  is it all right  ?  
 do you want conditioner  ?  
 now where should i pay the money  ?  
 sevenandahalf  .  
 i would actually like to view the apartment for rent today  .  
 you have to make an appointment first  .  
 i  m fine  thank you  .  
 you can only view the apartment with an appointment  .  
 there are some stains that were left in the carpet  .  
 everything  s fine with me  .  
 is it possible for me to view the apartment today  ?  
 thanks for your help  .  
 i don  t like all those stains in the carpet  .  
 the rent each month is  1050  .  
 great  .  it was a pleasure doing business with you  .  
 that  s better  .  now what  ?  
 hey  jeanine  get a load of that  .  it 's beautiful  .  
 i 'll take it  i 'd also like to buy some chocolate  .  
 ok  here you go  .  that will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence  .  
 i 'd like to buy some perform for my girlfriend  .  
 i think that will do  .  let 's go talk to the tailor about getting it made  .  
 i have no idea  .  
 caesar salads are good  .  
 it 's no trouble at all  .  
 i do n't think i ever wanted to be a bus driver  .  
 del is n't connected through your phone line  but dialup is  .  
 i live up in altadena  .  
 do n't mention it  .  
 i 'll buy it later on today  .  
 i also hate having to stand at a bus stop in all kinds of weather  .  
 yes  they 're on sale today  .  
 seventy to sixtyseven  .  
 are you sure we were n't supposed to get off already  ?  
 i thought you knew where we get off at  .  
 yeah  we definitely missed our stop  .  
 i thought you knew  .  
 i 'm positive that we missed our stop  .  
 i know it does  .  i catch this bus a lot  .  
 i need help finding a new refrigerator  .  
 mr  .   i 'm mr  .  taylor  and i 'm your counselor  .  i 'm going to show you around the school  .  
 mr  .   right here is the cafeteria  .  
 mr  .   the school has three lunch periods  and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch  .  
 mr  .   furthermore  when you are dismissed in the afternoon  you will be divided into two waves  .  
 mr  .   i 'm mr  .  rogers  your homeroom teacher  .  
 do you think the school can put us in the same homeroom  ?  
 mr  .   here 's a hall pass for it  .  do you need someone to walk you there  ?  
 i have a headache  .  
 i think you have a small fever  .  
 yes  i  m doing some research on roman civilization  .  do you have any books on the subject  ?  
 absolutely  !  it was founded by a group of puritan immigrants from england  .  
 actually harvard was first named new college  without a formal name  .  
 oh  that means i can do whatever i like without few interruptions  .  
 it  s a new phrase that she taught us today  .  it means that i will not only pass the class  but i will do extremely well  !  
 did she give you any homework  ?  
 i 'm going to try to find out where the school is located  .  
 i need to check these books out  .  
 here it is  .  
 it appears that you have late fees  .  
 yes  really  .  
 i would like to check out a book  .  
 here  s your library card  .  
 i need a passport  .  
 i  m going to need you to complete this application  .  
 your passport will be ready in a few weeks  .  
 well  this looks nice  .  do you know how to use it  ?  
 well  i hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits  !  
 write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me  .  
 could i check out this book  ?  
 that  s it  .  
 i  m returning these books  .  
 25 cents a day  .  
 these books were due two weeks ago  .  
 i need to return these books  .  
 thank you very much  .  
 you  re welcome  .  have a nice day  .  
 it  s only  5  .  
 i am returning these books  .  
 no problem  .  have a good one  .  
 i would like to find this book  .  
 i don  t think you guys have it  .  
 she learns to speak latin by osmosis within three months  .  
 what did you think of it  ?  
 my daughter is n't feeling well  .  
 and how  s your brother  ?  
 the door bell does n't work  there 's no hot water  and the building is falling apart  .  
 she loves to nitpick and criticizes everything that i do  .  i can never do anything right when she 's around  .  
 well  last week i invited her over to dinner  .  my husband and i had no problem with the food  but if you listened to her  then it would seem like i fed her old meat and rotten vegetables  .  there 's just nothing can please her  .  
 he said i should put on something very nice  because this girl will be my next target  .  
 yes  can i return this article  please  ?  
 well  if there is no damage  you can return it  .  
 it 's where i teach you chinese  and in exchange you teach me english  .  
 bye  .  
 because she 's not responsible enough  .  
 it 's just we 've been planning to go the beach for a while  and we decided we could both make it this weekend  .  then out of nowhere she called me up  said her boyfriend had made plans and that she nee 
 he made a lot of noises while eating  .  he talked with his mouth full and sipped loudly  .  
 i did n't do anything  .  finally  he left . but then i saw him again today  .  outside the shoe store  .  near the cafe  .  i went into a cd store and pretended i was looking at cd 's  .  but then he came in too  .  
 it seems that yesterday the mexican government declared would n't pay back the loans it got from the world bank . the government declared a default on the loans  .  
 i do n't really like this hotel that much . so tonight  now that we are so rich  tonight why do n't we stay in the most expensive hotel in town  ?  
 like renewing my passport  going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while i 'm gone  .  
 yes  he did the same to me  .  
 well  it  s very comfortable just to drift here  .  
 would you mind telling me then  what were those four years of college for  ?  what was the point of all that hard work  ?  
 i do n't have any plans  .  
 i 'm going to buy a cd  .  
 every time i try to start this program  the computer freezes  .  
 there is a position i 've had my eye on for several months now and i had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking  .  
 we were awarded government funding last year and in order to keep it we have to hire so ay new employees  .  
 i mean internet brings benefit a lot  but also some disadvantages  .  for example  many youngsters are addicted to the games and they neglect their study  or some bad guys steal people 's money online  etc  .  
 sure  .  where shall i meet you  ?  
 fine  thanks  .  i am wang lin  .  
 is that the boxoffice  ?  
 i 'd like to book two tickets for the film jane eyre for this evening  please  .  
 thank you very much  .  
 it 's snowing heavily  .  what about taking a walk  ?  
 twelve  .  he 's very sensible for his age  .  
 i am a girl of many interests  .  i like dance  chess  collecting stamps  travelling and taking photos  .  
 he is a nice guy and very considerate  .  i am impressed with how smart he is and he has a great sense of humor  .  
 oh  yeah  they always get really drunk  .  
 yes  .  so when the cops arrived  they did n't believe his story 
 yes  and the driver did n't speak any english or chinese and he did n't have a phone on himcan you believe it  ?   and his radio did n't work  .  so there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi  .  
 well  i actually thumbed a lift  .  
 ok  an englishman  a scotsman  and an irishman were going on a trip across the desert  and they could only take one thing with them  .  
 so they met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment  .  
 well  here we go again  .  
 we jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us  .  
 shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks  ?  
 i know a very interesting place  .  
 well  i thought he was  but he ends up to be a con man  .  
 thank you  .  come back to my office at the same time tomorrow  .  i 'll have the pictures ready by then  .  
 i guess we have covered all the stuff that we need to discuss and it 's time to say goodbye  .  
 you hit the white ball with your cue  .  the white ball hits the colored balls  .  and you want to get the colored balls into the pockets  .  
 please count on my love  .  
 i 'll be yours through endless time  .  
 but the water has to be kept at 34 degrees so that the minerals can be absorbed by your body  .  
 i want to invite you to go to the movies  .  
 i don  t like to go to the movies on a date  .  it 's noisy there  .  
 i had to visit all my relatives  .  
 twelve . he s very sensible for his age  .  
 indeed . he s strict with himself too  .  
 mr . smith has changed his job  .  
 what 's the weather like in your country  ?  
 in london . where do you live  ?  
 i like spring  .  
 oh  everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer  .  
 i do n't know  .  
 let 's stop and have a look  .  
 spring  .  
 because the hottest season is summer in a year  .  
 cool  fellow  what 's the date today  buddy  ?  
 it is n't your fault  .  no one will blame you  .  
 ok  .  how about give me a ring  then  ?  
 because i don  t think my husband would like it  .  thank you for inviting me anyway  .  
 everything 's great  .  and you  ?  
 oh  hi justin  .  this is karen hepburn . we met at chris and jim 's party  .  
 she has keen to buy something which is much cheaper  .  
 we are going to buy our own house  .  
 they ca n't spell  they ca n't add  they ca n't subtract  they even do n't remember any more . that s because they rely on gadgets  .  
 do you promise  ?  
 and tom  you will help johnny with his homework  wo n't you  ?  
 and don  t ever forget it  .  
 please sit down  .  help yourself just like you are at home  .  
 a cup of coffee  please  .  
 i 'm a teacher  .  
 would you like to come  ?  
 either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel  .  
 i know a mover which has a very good reputation for their service  .  i  ll leave you their phone number  .  
 i mean that you 're gullible  .  you should n't believe everything you read  especially on the internet  .  
 well  three people are celebrating their birthdays this month and the policy here is for everyone to contribute ten dollars to a card and cake for each person  .  
 a grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic  .  you know  a party proper  .  
 yeah  you have some other ideas  ?  
 we did n't pay attention to the environment  cut down trees and polluted the air  .  
 since everyone is different  your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal  .  
 yes  i like collecting things  .  
 i also know they are given to other countries as gifts for friendship  .  
 so tell me about it  !  
 because it is dangerous to get out of the car or bus  .  you can just imagine how fierce the wild animals can be  .  
 i prefer to go there next time  .  
 i don  t think that there is any easy way  .  the united nations could send peacekeepers into the country  .  at least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate  .  the thing is to find the real problem form the war and solve that  .  
 well  i hate the noise in the city  but i love being around lost of people  .  the problem is that you can  t have lots of people and have peace and quiet  .  the two just don  t go together  .  
 religions preach tolerance  but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics  .  
 the man asked where we want to go  then he type out the information on the form and waited for a reply  .  a few moment later  he gave us two tickets  .  
 they ca n't spell  they ca n't add  they ca n't subtract  they even do n't remember any more  .  that 's because they rely on gadgets  .  
 and a white sports car  .  
 today  i 'm told i failed three courses  .  
 because i don  t think my husband would like it  .  thank you for inviting me anyway  .  
 let  s see  .  he has a roman nose  bushy eyebrows and dimples  !  
 what am i doing  ?  what am i doing  ?  don  t you know what day it is  ?  
 the world cup  !  the first match is today  !  it  s mexico vs  .  south africa  !  it  s going to be a really good match  !  both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players  .  i think that south africa will probably dominate the first half since they are the host country  and all  .  
 nothing  !  anyway  you  re right  there  s no reason this has to be nasty  .  my lawyer tells me you  ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property  as well as the custody agreementi keep the cat and you get the dog  .  so that  s done  .  .  .  finally  .  
 i  m in the market for a job  !  i went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until i got the names of a few employers i would like to work for  .  i have the resume i wrote for english class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write  .  i  ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so i can address the letters personally  .  and you know i can be charming in interviews  .  goodbye my penniless days  !  hello salary and a career  !  
 what about you  mary  ?  
 because orange is much more to my taste  .  
 what about going to a movie  ?  
 you know how much i want to be on the team  and now there is an opening for me . if i do n't go to practise today . they ll get someone else and i 'll miss my chance  .  
 after baseball practice  .  
 could i get back the sweater you borrowed  ?  
 do you like sports  janice  ?  
 i hid so that it could n't see me  .  slowly it got closer and closer  until  .  .  .  
 he is a nice guy and very considerate  .  i was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor  .  
 it  s really elegant and it fits you really well  .  
 then i talked to her and got her number  .  you know what  ?  when you do n't know what to say  ?  just drink  .  
 i like spring best  .  it is neither too cold nor too hot  .  freezing days make me lazy and stuffy days make me lazier  .  how about you  ?  
 who won  ?  
 just give the man standing there three yuan and he 'll give you a token  .  then you slip it into slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in  .  
 i  m afraid this seat is taken  .  
 well  i think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room  and maybe some new drapes for the windows  .  also  a grandfather clock would look great in the den  .  perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room 
 oh  hi  !  
 i  m jack  .  what  s your name  ?  
 since we  re good friends  you do n't have to pay me  .  
 i did experience a winter with snow in kunming  the spring city  .  
 i was just thinking about you the other day  .  
 hey  look outside  !  it 's started to drizzle  !  
 i 'm going to my parents house for my father 's birthday  .  
 well  we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start  .  
 i 'm from the plains of the midwest  .  it 's a prime location for tornadoes  .  
 i 'm ok  .  i wish i could say the same for my friend  .  
 so how much do you want to gamble  ?  
 this one is 2300 dollars . maybe i should buy it for my mother  .  what do you think  ?  
 i can see five other guys eying her up  .  
 i 'm sorry  .  that 's too bad  .  who is it  ?  who got the job  i mean  ?  
 i do n't't think it would make sense if we were the only beings in this whole world  .  the world is just far too big for that  .  
 well  we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start  .  
 i  m a firefighter  .  
 about 15 years now  .  
 my immediate family is quite small  .  it 's just my older stepbrother  my mom  my stepdad and me  .  how about you  ?  
 my parents wanted me to stay in hongkong  but i decided to go back to england  i graduated from oxford university with a degree in english literature  .  
 i 'd like a pair of shoes  please  .  
 how do you do  ?  
 my name is jane greenwood . glad to meet you  .  
 when did you learn how to do that  ?  
 i wish i had a talent like that  .  
 good  .  i hope it does n't cool off this weekend  .  
 i 'm doing well  .  how about you  ?  
 i 'm fine  .  how about yourself  ?  
 i 'm doing great  .  what about you  ?  
 it takes only one day and you could experience almost all the famous spots in the city  i do n't think you would like to miss it  .  
 how long will this flight last  ?  
 ok  .  i have written it down  .  who is your emergency contact person in america  ?  
 did you call us  ?  
 the remote control does n't work  .  i turned on the television  but i ca n't change the channel  .  
 no  thanks  .  
 if you have any problems  just call us  .  
 yes  i 'd like some information about the trains to beijing  .  
 by the way  you can bring some flowers  .  
 do n't worry about him  .  
 yes  i 'd like to settle my bill  .  
 just a moment  please  .  i 'll draw up your bill for you  .  .  .  thank you for waiting  sir  .  your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fiftyeight yuan  including the phone and laundry  .  
 i want an american breakfast with fried eggs  sunny side up  .  
 is there any thing else  sir  ?  
 yes  i 'd like to see that pen  .  
 one moment  please  .  i have to check if there are rooms available  .  i 'm sorry  ladies  .  we have only two double rooms available but they are on different floors  .  would you mind that  ?  
 but ladies  the room is not yet ready  .  there will be a delay of about half an hour  .  perhaps you could fill in the registration form first  and then rest in our lobby for a while  .  we will let you know when the room is ready  .  
 i just want to show my children how an american policeman looks  .  
 you  re welcome  .  i hope it 'll come out well  .  
 well  in that case  i would like you to wake me up at 545  .  
 yes  i would like to check in  .  
 yes  my name is steven smith  .  i have a reservation from october 2nd to october 6th  .  i called last week  .  
 now  mr  .  smith  could you fill out this registration form  please  ?  
 what are these  ?  
 may i have a magazine or a newspaper please  ?  
 i would like to go to europe for a visit  ?  can you recommend me an interesting city  ?  
 no  .  i have nothing  .  
 please open the black case  .  
 do you have anything to declare  ?  
 yes  that 's a video camera  .  
 how long are you staying in britain  ?  
 it is my pleasure  sir  .  i wish you a pleasant stay here  .  goodbye  !  
 i 'd like two sandwiches and one green fruit salad  please  .  
 i am going to the central park  .  which train should i take  ?  
 this is your table  .  it 's number 10  .  
 what can i do for you  ?  
 i 'd like some grapefruit juice  marmalade  two scrambled eggs with two sausages  toast  and a pot of black coffee  please  .  how long will it take  ?  
 here is your valuable  .  is that right  ?  
 l am afraid there is n't any fancy soap in my room  .  
 may i know how many of you so that i could prepare the right set of tableware  ?  
 yes  i 'd like to check out now  .  my name 's adams  room 312  .  here 's the key  .  
 could you sign each cheque here for me  ?  
 here are your receipt and your change  sir  .  thank you  .  
 this is your mini bar  .  it contains alcoholic and nonalcoholic drinks and also a few snacks  .  anything you use will be added to your bill  .  the price list is by your bed  .  
 good coming  sir  .  may i do your room now  ?  
 your room will be ready in half an hour  .  
 your seat is in cabin no  .  5  the upper deck  .  it  s near amid ship  .  
 you are welcome  .  have a good trip  !  
 what is the cost of the tour  ?  
 here you are  .  
 put your luggage on the scale  please  .  oh  your luggage is overweight  .  
 this is your voucher  and you can get your luggage back on this  .  have a good trip  !  
 where are you coming from  ?  
 do you have enough means to support yourself while you are here  ?  
 how long do you think it will take us to complete the walk  ?  
 will you be checking any bags today  .  
 like renewing my passport  going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while i  m gone  .  
 your food will be brought to you momentarily  .  i hope you enjoy it  .  
 our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible  .  
 i 'm sorry to say that this room service charge is yours  .  
 i came back to my room and found that my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone  .  
 your table 's ready  sir  ?  please step this way  .  
 single  please  .  
 yes  .  i made a reservation in shanghai  .  
 thank you  mrs wu  .  
 thank you very much  .  i hope you enjoy your stay  .  
 may i have your room number please  ?  
 1218  .  
 i said i had been to the doctor the day before  .  
 he said i d got the flu  .  
 i need some medicine  .  
 my pleasure  .  
 i do n't know  but i feel terrible  .  
 no  not at all  but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine  .  
 does the pian become more intense at night  ?  
 i 'd like to treat you with acupuncture if you agree  .  
 you 're welcome  .  we wish you a speedy recovery  .  goodbye  .  
 good  .  now the other eye  .  
 my stomach hurts  doctor  .  
 for how long  ?  
 let me take a look at your abdomen  .  lie down on your back and bend your knees up  .  ok  .  relax  .  .  .  alright  it seems like you have a duodenal ulcer  but we 'll have to run some tests before i can be certain  .  you should get a good rest first and try not to strain your stomach too much  .  
 not too serious  but it 'll take you some time to recover  so you 'll need to be patient  .  
 i have a laceration on my left forearm  .  
 you 're lucky there was no lasting damage  .  i 'll set up an appointment for you to come back in five days  .  we 'll take those stitches out then  .  so long  .  
 all right  .  if we decide to hire you  we 'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start  .  you can have saturdays and sundays off  .  besides  you may have a paid month holiday every year  .  how do you think about it  ?  
 if you are satisfied with the conditions here  please sign this contract and give it to me  .  
 there 's no power  .  
 i 'll check the costs and call you back  .  
 i 'd like to tell you that you could come to work with us  .  
 and make sure to return my rolodex to my desk when you are done with it  .  
 then  what 's your usual commission rate for your agents  ?  
 before we draft the contract  let 's examine the details  .  
 your lc must be opened at least onemonth before the time shipment  otherwise we wo n't be able to catch the ship  .  
 when do you usually require the new employee to start  ?  
 thanks for your time  .  
 i am glad to inform you that you are expected to come for an interview in our head office tomorrow  .  
 as i said  i am diligent and industrious  .  on the other hand  i am too hardworking and i put myself under much pressure to make things perfect  .  
 i am selfindulgent sometimes  .  
 when you become a permanent employee  you will have the insurances  .  you will get monthly pay and will be on eighthour  day work shift  .  
 you have read the relevant terms of the contract  .  do you have other questions  ?  
 if you do n't have other questions  just sign here  .  
 i have been a production manager  .  
 i need to make an appointment with you today  .  
 your main duty is to answer the phone calls and transfer them to the person wanted  .  
 if you have any questions  .  i will help you  .  
 byebye  .  
 yes  i 'd like to see the manager . here s my card  .  
 this morning  .  i mean  .  .  .  
 byebye  .  
 and you should read as much as possible to enrich the knowledge  .  
 i am free on tuesday afternoon from 2 pm to 4 pm  is it convenient for you  ?  
 i had a headache this morning  .  i didn  t pay attention to it  .  i thought probably it is because i didn  t sleep well  .  but now it is getting worse and worse  .  i feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very lightsensitive  .  maybe it is the migrated  .  
 i am also calm under pressure and trained in first aid  .  
 would you please tell me about your pay skill first  ?  
 do i have paid vacation  ?  
 yes  may i ask something about the salary and benefits in your company  ?  
 the salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month  .  your salary will be raised every year in october  depending on your performance  .  
 would you like us to deliver the mattress for you  ?  
 when do you want it delivered  ?  
 i won  t beat around the bush  .  sir  i would like a raise  .  i currently have three companies after me and so i decided to talk to you first  .  
 i 've heard that the company is very strict with its staff  .  is that true  ?  
 you  re welcome  .  
 yes  one last thing  .  how much holiday time do you give your employees every year  ?  
 i just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday  .  
 thank you  i am looking forward to hearing from you  .  byebye  .  
 i stood behind the register and took pizza orders  .  
 goodbye  .  
 i got the message  .  i am quitting  .  
 that 's strange  .  
 he 's here on tuesdays  wednesdays and fridays  .  what day did you want to see him  ?  
 you are welcome  .  
 would you like something to drink  ?  
 no  thank you  .  i just had two cups of coffee at my desk  .  
 well  i have been thinking about it . and i believe we could do things more efficiently here  .  
 maybe now i  ll get that promotion i was hoping for  .  
 i came back to my room and found my suitcase was open and my camera and five hundred dollars in cash inside the wallet were gone  .  
 look  !  this window is open  .  
 do you know where they 're vacationing  ?  
 you turned 18 in an election year  .  
 no  but that makes me even more excited  .  
 because you turned 18 in an election year  .  
 bill payment  please  .  i 'd like to pay my electricity bill  .  i heard there 's a new way  i 'm sick and tired of all this queuing  !  
 adam smith  .  
 my name is jenny clinton  .  
 in that case i highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also  .  that would help with your credit card application  .  
 yes  i need some more cash for my visit in china  .  may i cash a traveler  s check here  ?  
 good morning  .  i 'd like to cash this check  .  
 do you want anything else  ?  
 twenties and some smaller bills  please  .  
 yes  .  could you tell many balance  ?  here 's account number  .  
 yes  i 'd like to exchange some us dollars into rib  .  
 wait a second  please  .  .  .  these are 24060 rib and the receipt  please check them  .  
 please count  .  
 um  .  .  .  hello  i would like to open an account  .  
 thank you  .  please confirm your information and sign your name in the blank  .  
 ok  .  please fill out this loan application  .  
 i went down to change some money  right  ?  
 i went into the bank with my money  and i looked at the exchange board . at first i could n't believe it  .  i thought i was reading the board wrong or something  .  
 because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar  .  
