do you mind if i smoke  ?  
 okay  i 'll get the car out of the garage  .  
 no sweat  .  it  s a piece of cake  .  
two burgers  please  .  
 i do not care the brand as long as it works well  .  
 i want to buy the toothpaste  the brand of jiajieshi  .  
 may i have a try  ?  
 what about other brands  ?  
 registration plus overweight  7 yuan in all  .  
 thanks for the advice  .  
oops  !  
 ok  .  it 's 22 yuan 
 no  it  s only tenminute 's walk  .  
 thanks a lot  .  
 thank you so much for your help  .  
 at the supermarket down the street  .  help yourself  .  
 good idea  .  how about a cup of coffee  ?  
 all right  .  will you wrap it for me  ?  
 you can check it  sir  .  
 this is the new style . two hundred and twentyeight  .  
 pure gold ones  please  .  this is so beautiful  .  i 'll take it  .  
 sure  .  please come this way  .  
 it does n't fit quite right  .  it feels a little tight in the waist  .  do you have this in a larger size  ?  
 you look really beautiful in it  .  
 i 'm sorry  we only sell at fixed prices  .  
 you 'll check it out anyway you want  .  you can take it to a garage  .  
 leave your phone number  and i will give you a call if the price gets reduced  .  
 yes  i am trying to find good movers now  .  do you know any  ?  
 yeah  it was  .  but i still have some information that i collected last time  and if you want  i will give it to you  .  
 thank you  .  i think i have to talk to the bank representatives  .  thank you for your help  .  
 the bus stop is not far from here  .  go straight on and you can easily find it  .  
 thanks a lot  .  
 yes  you 're at the right stop  .  
 are you new here  ?  
 i do n't think so  .  you have to wait for about 10 minutes  .  
 sounds great  !  can you stop somewhere here for a minute  ?  i will get some souvenirs for my friends  .  
 i see  .  we have a window table reserved for you  .  
 i 'm sorry to have bothered you  .  
 do you have trifles  ?  
 all right  sir  .  you will park at refueling 4  .  
 ten gallons of premium  .  that 's  18 . 56  please  .  
 then take your time  please  .  
ouch  !  i 'm hurt  .  
 you are so lucky  .  they are on sale today  .  it costs only 250 yuan  .  pay at the counter over there  .  
 i 'd appreciate it if you would  .  
 would you like to have a shampoo  sir  ?  
 shave also  s ir  ?  
 i want to buy a pair of shoes for an interview  .  
 do you have a sales slip  ?  
 please show me your receipt again  .  
 we have a rather comprehensive subway system here  .  you can get almost anywhere rather quickly on a subway  especially at this time of day when the traffic is heavy  .  
 ask the worker who sells tokens to give you one  .  it 's free fo charge  .  actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations  .  
 take the same number bus going in the other direction  .  there 's a stop right across the street  .  
 i  ll have to get a couple in different colors  .  
 do you accept coupons  ?  
 let me see  .  i am terribly sorry  sir  .  that should be  18  .  
 no problem  .  just give us a few minutes more to pull them up  though  .  we don  t get that many english singers  !  
 that 's the reason why you fought  ?  
 we allow one or two pets but you have to pay a  300 deposit  .  
let me get the keys and we  ll go to look at it  .  
hello  steven  .  can you do me a favor  ?  
hello  .  may i speak to david  ?  
 what  ?  that  s odd  .  i  m so sorry if i  ve bothered you  .  
 yes  we accept visa and mastercard  .  
 thanks  .  i 'll be right back  .  
 here 's your receipt  .  
 i think we 're finished  .  can you please turn off the lights and shut the door  ?  
 well  .  could i try it on  ?  
 well  i think there 's one across from the shopping center  .  
 about two hours out of los angeles  .  give me the bags  i 'll put 'em on the bus  .  here 's your claim tag  .  do n't lose it . when you get off the bus  give it to me  .  
 sure  but only in the rear  and only cigarettes  .  and alcohol is not allowed  .  
 do n't get up so late next time  .  you should have gone to bed earlier last night  .  
 that 's helpful for your health  .  
 in a second  .  have you got a torch  ?  
 yes  let 's go  .  lock the door  please  .  
 it  s ok  .  i  ll call her back latter  .  thank you  .  
 ok  .  i know  .  thank you  .  
 yes  i hope so  .  thank you for telling me this  .  
 ok  i promise we 'll get there in twenty minutes  .  
 do you have any money  ?  
 two hamburgers and french fries  .  
 would you like a shave  ?  
 okay  let me brush you off  .  thank you very much for coming  .  
 shall i giftwrap them for you  sir  ?  
good afternoon  ma 'am  .  can i help you find anything  ?  
 how about a blouse  ?  this one here is the latest fashion  .  
 if you bring them back with your receipt within seven days  you 'll get a full refund  .  also  if you need alterations to the pants  just bring them in and we 'll do them for free  .  
 okay  sir  here you are  .  thank you very much  .  
 yes  i would like to buy a pair of dress shoes  .  
 sure  .  go straight on down this road  take the second left and then the first right  .  it  s next to tiananmen square  .  
 thanks  .  
 sure  .  4167901256  .  
 okay  .  just stay in your car  .  we  ll be there in five minutes  .  
 yes  i  ll pay for the call  .  put her through  please  .  
excuse me  sir  ?  
 i 'm afraid you ca n't smoke here  .  
 i know  i know  .  have you got a portable radio  ?  you can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time  .  
 can you go wake up cindy for me  ?  
 i  m sorry  .  i  m not interested in it  .  
 is that the university next to the teachers college  ?  
 there 's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time  .  
 thank you for the information  .  
excuse me  .  
 that 's very kind of you  .  thank you . er  .  .  .  have you got a pencil  ?  
 just walk down the road for a few minutes  and you 'll find it on your right  .  
 that 's it  .  it 'll take you about five minutes  .  
 oh  sorry  .  i didn  t notice it  .  sorry  .  
 many thanks  !  
 sorry  .  you have to buy your ticket at the next counter  .  
 mmm  how much is it  ?  
 a twobedroom house in this area is generally around 250000 rib  .  
 certainly  you need to pay a deposit at first  and you will pay the rest monthly  .  
 i need to talk it over with my wife  .  
i heard you are looking for a house  .  
 yes  .  i won  t have to take a bus to go to my office  .  is it a onebedroom apartment  ?  
excuse me  .  i  m a stranger here and lost my way  .  
 uh  .  .  .  yes  .  turn right  then take the second turning on your left  .  
 yes  .  it  s on this street  .  keep walking for two blocks and it  s on the corner on the right  .  
 believe me  .  everything will be ok  .  
 i  ve changed my mind  .  
betty  something is burning  .  can you smell it  ?  
i am so busy today  .  
 dreadful  .  there  the door is open now  .  
 i should get the items within a week  .  but in the meantime i 'm bidding on a digital video camera  .  
 this particular refrigerator is a very good choice  .  
 i 'd like to see it for myself  .  
 where are you planning on looking for one  ?  
 you like my living room set  do n't you  ?  
 oh  i need a small one  otherwise my luggage will be overweight  .  
 around 8  .  
 would you care for some lemon for your tea  ?  
would you care for a cup of tea before your meal  ?  
 yep  .  that way i can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames  .  
 hey  !  watch out  !  you 're using the same spoon for both broths  !  
 yeah  and meet other drivers of the same car  !  
 you have a very good taste  .  it 's our best seller  .  
 it 's almost ready  .  can you set the table  ?  
 yeah  .  oh  it 's delicious  !  
 yes . will you check if my suit is ready to go  please  ?  
 i see  .  is this yours  ?  
 it  s ready to go  .  
 yeah  .  for five minutes  everything was half off  .  it was total chaos  .  .  .  
 sorry  it had been sold out  .  
 do you need every color in the rainbow  ?  
 well  .  it  s certainly nice  .  you  ve done a great job  .  
 the rent is  600 a month  ?  
 yeah  .  but why don  t you come by your office tomorrow to sign the lease  ?  
 thank you  .  see you tomorrow  .  
 i want some pickles  oh  and we  re out of flour  .  put that on the list  too  .  
 and you still buy him new ones  ?  
 just let me look at it quickly  .  
 yes  .  thanks  .  you can move your stuff in tomorrow  .  
 sure  but i don  t have hot water  yet  .  
 ok  i  ll try later  .  thanks anyway  .  
 you are right  .  do you have a pen  ?  
 yes  do you have an appointment  ?  
 do n't worry  .  see where it says  new user  ?  
 click on that  .  
 cool  thanks  .  
 very well  sir  .  do you want me to trim your beard  ?  
 is that satisfactory  ?  
 no  thanks  .  but i 'd like a facial massage  .  
 i don  t like the pointed toes  .  let me take a look at what else you have  .  too high  .  that one looks like the back would cut into my heel  .  i have a high instep so i doubt that one will fit properly  .  
 i  m sorry  but you won  t be able to view it today  .  
 that won  t be possible today  .  
 actually  there is a problem  .  
 friday at 6 pm  .  would be perfect  .  
 that will be fine  .  
 i do have one problem with the apartment  .  
 how about  900 a month  ?  
 i can  t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car  .  could you move it forward a bit  please  ?  
 i 'm getting a little short on cash  .  let 's just window shop a little  .  
 yes  i think i 'd like the green mask in the middle  .  
 i 'm starving  .  let 's go grab a bite  .  
 do you have any going anywhere in the eu  ?  if you do  those are less expensive  .  
 i like the one on the left  but i do n't like the pattern on it  .  it 's too much  .  i want a pattern that 's a bit subtler  .  
 i think that will do  .  let 's go talk to the tailor about getting it made  .  
i feel like i 'm craving a salad  .  
 what kind do you want  ?  
 not at all  .  it 's no problem  .  
 okay  thanks a lot  .  
 is it fun driving the bus  ?  
 it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone  .  
 i greatly appreciate this  .  
i need to find a bus that 'll take me to the gold line  .  
 thanks for letting me know  homegirl  .  
 i 'm sure you did n't  .  
 i agree  it 's just never on time  .  
  20 per dozen  .  
 they did  .  
 i feel like we 've been on this bus forever  .  
 are you sure we were n't supposed to get off already  ?  
 i was n't really paying attention  .  i think we missed our stop  .  
 that 's convenient  .  
 i appreciate you telling me  .  
 that 's cool  .  
 we 've been on this bus for a while now  .  
 should we have gotten off the bus already  ?  
 maybe we did miss our stop  .  
 mr  .   i 'm mr  .  taylor  and i 'm your counselor  .  i 'm going to show you around the school  .  
mr  .   there are two things that you 'll need to know  .  
 mr  .   the school has three lunch periods  and the kids are divided into three groups to go to lunch  .  
mr  .   are you mary lin  ?  
 do we have the same classes today  ?  
 mr  .   would you like to go to the nurse 's  ?  
is anybody in  ?  
 let me take your temperature with a thermometer  .  
 all right  .  they  re due back next wednesday  .  
 ok  .  after three days  i will come to you for it  .  
 that  s a little complicated  .  you  ll get to know it when you are acquainted with the u  .  s  .  history later on  .  religion was and is a part of american people  s life  .  guess what  ?  even harvard university  which is a highly academic institution  is in a sense the product of religion  .  
 many puritans had received classic style of higher education in oxford university and cambridge university back in england  .  they hoped that their descendants could receive this kind of education as well  .  
it 's weekend again  i 'm glad i can arrange for my personal matters  .  
 yes  .  .  .  with flying colors  !  
 if you like the class this much already  i  m sure you will  .  
 you mean getting into university actually depends on your passing your a level subjects  ?  
 that 's too much for us really  .  
 i 'm going to register right now  .  
 you 're got a point there . but do you think he 's a little absentminded  ?  
 i need to check these books out  .  
 do you have your library card  ?  
 it appears that you have late fees  .  
 now  sign your name on the back of the card  .  
 if you like  you can apply right now  .  
 then i will take your picture for your passport  .  
 that looks great  but i will also need your driver 's license or other form of i  .  d  .  
 of course  just remember that all of the needed information is on the card  .  
 could you email me this week as a reminder  ?  
 you know that i only allow one absence per semester  do n't you  ?  
 could you please sign the back of the card  ?  
 you  re going to have to pay late fees  .  
 i  ll take them  .  
 it really isn  t  .  
 i  m going to have to charge you for the damage  .  
 here  s the  5 . 00  .  
 i would like to find this book  .  
 i feel he 's like a talking machine  .  
mary is really a diligent girl  .  
 it is real word  .  
did you go to the movie yesterday  ?  
 please forgive me  but i have to leave  .  i feel terrible  .  but  .  .  .  
 thank you  .  it 's our first date  .  i hope it 's not too offensive  .  
 congratulations on your success  .  
 it 's no use complaining  .  if we had got enough money  we could n't put up with it  and would have moved out  .  
 not much  except that my motherinlaw is driving me up the wall  .  
 she loves to nitpick and criticizes everything that i do  .  i can never do anything right when she 's around  .  
 yeah  .  you know what dave just said  ?  
 can i see the receipt  ?  
the academy is an important part of the education system  .  
 well  are you invested in some languageexchange program  ?  
 good  .  i 'll give you a call tonight  .  
 they 're discussing whether they should replace miss smith  the music teacher  .  
 but a taxi costs too much  .  
 now that i look back at it  it waws n't that big a deal  .  i should n't have lost my temper  .  
 last time when we had dinner at the smith 's  it was a horrible experience  .  he had no manners at all  !  
 i do n't know  .  i saw him the first time tuesday  .  he was at the cafe  .  i noticed he was looking at me a lot  .  not just the usual looking  but staring . he just kept staring at me  .  he did n't stop  .  
 yes  .  then i noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me  .  he was following me  .  
i tried to ask the bank teller why it changed  but she did n't speak english well enough . so i decided to go to the magazine shop  .  the one around the corner . and i bought an american newspaper  .  
 yes  and you know what  ?  
are you ready  ?  
 in just three weeks  and i am excited  .  but there are still a few things i need to do before i go  .  
i ca n't believe it  i had faith in bob and he let me down  .  
 i know what you mean  .  
get changed  !  
 well  i would say that i  m just drifting   here  in the pool  .  
 have you thought about graduate school  ?  
be quiet  will you  ?  
 can you give him a call on his mobile  ?  
are you free tonight  ?  
do you have change for a hundred  ?  
 it sells almost everything you can see in the department  .  
come on in  .  make yourself at home  .  
bye  .  take care  .  
 i see  .  i believe there will be lots of foreigners coming to beijing to watch the games  .  
how annoying  !  
 i will  thanks for your concern  .  
 there is a position i 've had my eye on for several months now and i had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking  .  
 yeah  you are right  .  internet makes our lives easier  .  but it 's a twoblade sword  .  
 sounds interesting  i have n't gone boating for some time now  and what time  ?  
 great  .  i look forward to meeting you  .  
 see you then  .  
 but what  ?  just remember that thrift is not only a great virtue  but also a great revenue  .  
 is that the boxoffice  ?  
 wang min  .  telephone number is 13811658  .  can i pick the tickets this afternoon  ?  
 yes  .  i like winter  .  
i like the kid  .  he 's so lovely  .  
 well  it 's hard to say  .  for the fields and rivers  winter is a relaxing season  but for farmers  i think they might take a rest physically  but mentally they are still busy thinking  planning and calculating for the working of the next year  .  
 was he out with the guys from the bank  ?  
 oh yes  well  he tried to climb in through the bathroom window  but apparently he slipped and broke the glass with his foot  .  the neighbors heard him and thought a robbery was in progress  so they called the police  .  
 well  that 's a bit of a tricky situation  .  
 well  first of all  the taxi that was taking me from the client 's office to the airport broke down on the freeway  .  
 yes  and the driver did n't speak any english or chinese and he did n't have a phone on himcan you believe it  ?   and his radio did n't work  .  so there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi  .  
 well  i 'm setting my watch at four  .  thank you  .  
 well  you 'll see  .  
 ok  an englishman  a scotsman  and an irishman were going on a trip across the desert  and they could only take one thing with them  .  
 the giants  ?  
 a little  but the rush was worth it  .  
 wow  you 're really informative  .  thanks a lot  .  
do you have anything to do after this  ?  
 shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks  ?  
 i would n't say so  .  
 do you  ?  by the way  could you mail this letter for me as you go through the lobby  ?  
 thank you  .  come back to my office at the same time tomorrow  .  i 'll have the pictures ready by then  .  
it seems that you are an optimistic man who does n't dismay easily  .  that is what a good salesman needs  .  good luck  .  
 you have 16 balls on the table  7 solid colored  7 striped colored  a black 8 ball  and the white ball  .  
 ok  settled then  .  
 see you tomorrow  .  
can you believe me  ?  
 please count on my love  .  
 the sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you  .  
 good idea  .  i 'll go shopping in one of the department stores nearby  .  we 'll go to the zoo and the park another time  .  after all  we can put that off  .  
julia  are you free tonight  ?  
 are you asking me for a date  ?  
 how about seven  ?  
 how about going to the suburbs  ?  
 to tell the truth  i feel tired  .  
i like the kid . he s so lovely  .  
 they have moved to chicago  .  
 so  you 're going to have a really nice vacation  .  
 yes  it 's beautiful  but it 's also very hot  .  
 mm  .  .  .  it 's quite warm now  .  
 good  .  see you  !  
 i like spring  .  
what happened  ?  
 we 'd better go out for a walk  .  
 i dislike it most  .  
 government is making efforts to change situation  .  
 he ran four miles and came back dead beat  .  
 how dare you speak to me like this  .  
do n't cover up your sadness  .  let it go  .  
i feel pity for the old man  .  
 i was wondering if you like to go to the theatre then  .  
 no  .  i  d better not  .  
 it was so kind of you  .  
hello  .  could i speak to justin  please  ?  
my mother likes to split hairs  .  
 you don  t know that i have been overprotected by my mother these years  .  i am really about to leave the family and spread my wings  .  
we must set 1000 dollars aside each month  .  
 but i  .  .  .  i do n't agree with that  because computers weaken kids ability to think  because kids do n't learn basic skills  .  
 i am  .  whatsmore  his wife is 84  .  
 and you 'll repair the television  wo n't you  ?  
 do you promise  ?  
 really  ?  i  m surprised  .  
 you  re supposed to clean your teeth before you go to bed  .  
 how do you do  ?  i  m pleased to meet you  .  
 please sit down  .  help yourself just like you are at home  .  
 okay  .  bye  .  
 what do you do for a living  ?  
on saturday night i  m going to have a small gettogether  .  
 no  i have n't  but i 've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper  .  
 but think about it  you just need to pack your stuff and leave everything for the movers  how much trouble you will save  .  
 i know a mover which has a very good reputation for their service  .  i  ll leave you their phone number  .  
 okay  thanks a lot  .  you did me a great favor just now  .  
 do you also believe in santa claus and the tooth fairy  ?  
 it 's great  .  i really get to focus on what i like to do and everyone has been very nice and welcoming  .  however  i 'm having a small problem with my new colleagues  .  
 well  every department is different  .  you would n't want your new coworkers to think you 're a grinch  right  ?  
 right  congratulations  .  
every year  the south has the floods  .  it is an act of god  .  
 think  in some way it is an act of god  but in another way  it just is caused by us  .  
 well  we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified  .  and he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the workout plan for your needs  .  
 of course  bamboo  !  
 is that different from this kind of zoo  ?  
 on their bus or in your own cars  and you wo n't be allowed to get off the bus until you reach the special region  .  
 that makes sense  .  but that sounds interesting  .  is there one in beijing too  ?  
 i can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage  .  the problem is that  for me  each advantage has its own disadvantage  .  
 i  m sure that science will explain everything eventually  .  i think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong  .  
 or getting stuck in traffic jams when you  re driving  .  
 well  .  i like the thom birds best  .  
 yes  but they are used for other things  too  .  do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to paris  .  
 of course  his machine must have been connected to a computer  .  
 but i  .  .  .  i do n't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids 'ability to thinkbecause kids do n't learn basic skills  .  
 well  he  s got dark hair and brown eyes  .  
 it 's the end of the world for me  .  
 do n't loose heart  .  everything will be fine  .  
 no  .  i  d better not  .  
 no  no  a friend of mine taught me this really fun game  .  i  m going to describe someone  s face  and you guess who it is  !  
 it  s only the day when the world  s biggest sporting event is kicking off  .  
 fine with me  .  i just want to get this over with  .  it  s important we make a clean break  .  i should have signed a prenup  .  
woo hoo  !  this just might be the start of the rest of my life  !  
now  david  can i get you a drink  ?  what will you have  ?  
 i like orange better  .  
what would you like to do tonight  ?  
 sportshoes . will you go with me  ?  
 you 've formed a sound habit  .  
 ye  i hope so . well . take it easy  .  
 yeah  but that was before the guys ask me to join the team  .  
 i know  and i will  .  
 yeah  i think so  .  oh  by the way  i need to ask you something  .  
 are you kidding  ?  i  m terrible  !  but i love to watch sports  .  i go to football or baseball games a lot  .  and i read sports magazines every week  .  
 it was a big  green thing that looked like a person  .  it was in the kitchen  and it slowly moved towards the stairs  .  .  .  
 you  d better change it  .  it  s ugly  .  
 it 's a long time ago  .  when i first went to a bar to pick up girls there  i saw the most beautiful girl sitting and sipping a coke  .  then i went up to her and said can i buy you a drink  ?  
did you watch the volleyball match last night  ?  
 china beat brazil three to zero  .  
 we have a rather comprehensive subway system here  .  we can get almost anywhere rather quickly on the subway  .  especially at this time of a day when the traffic is heavy  .  
 you  re welcome  .  why don  t you ask the conductor when he comes by  ?  
 ye  i hope so . well . take it easy  .  
 i  ve studied home decoration as a hobby  .  could i make some suggestions  ?  
 i guess so  .  even though i seem to be over the worst of it  .  i do n't want to give the bug to anyone in the office  .  
good afternoon  would you mind if i sit here  ?  
 okay  enough small talk  .  let  s get down to business  .  
people say that you never have a real winter in the south china  but i do n't think so  .  
well  speak of the devil  .  
 if that happens  then i 'll invite you over and we can drink hot cocoa and watch movies  .  
 sorry  i 'm afraid that i 've got plans tonight  .  
 likewise  .  see you later  .  
 it might not be possible to fix the problems that we 've created for ourselves  but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening  .  
 no  but i was in quite a few tornados when i was younger  .  
 i ca n't do that  .  
 but i wo n't let you do that  .  i will watch you  .  
 who knows  ?  hey  i like these jade bears here  .  
 you are very lucky to have such a nice family  .  
 all right  .  but i think you ought to move soon  .  
 okay  here i go  !  
 really  ?  maybe i shall also sign up for its membership  .  
 thank you for the dance  .  
 my pleasure  .  let 's go and have a drink  .  
 oh  ?  you hoped to get that job  did n't you  ?  
 i think there must be  .  
 it might not be possible to fix the problems that we 've created for ourselves  but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening  .  
 no problem  .  just give us a few minutes more to pull them up  though  .  we don  t get that many english singers  !  
 oh i hope not  my first marriage was a mistake  but this one isn  t  .  
 oh  sure  .  once they reached middle age  they became a lot less uptight  .  
 so  you 'll be at my birthday party on friday  ?  
 have a good day  !  
 good coming  .  
how do you do  ?  
 you know how to draw and paint  ?  
 i see that you 're pretty talented  .  
 is it going to be perfect beach weather  ?  
 good luck with that  .  
 i hope you feel better  .  
 good luck with school  .  
 i wish you luck  .  
 get better  .  
 well  it depends on what you have  .  
 i see  .  may i know the schedule  ?  
 that would be nice  .  could you also get me a pillow and a blanket  please  ?  
 could you recall when and where you lost it  ?  
 ok  .  is it convenient for us to come now  ?  
maintenance department  .  may i come in  ?  
 yes  .  the television is not working properly  .  
 let me have a look  .  i think the batteries should be changed  .  let me replace them with new ones  .  now  it 's working  .  
 that 's great  .  
 is there anything else i can do for you  ?  
 if you have any problems  just call us  .  
 i am sorry you do n't like it  sir  .  but that 's just the special point of the dish  .  
 oh  the baggage rack is full  .  put them under the seat for the time being  .  
 yes  .  but first you must observe the visiting hours  it 's from 2 to 5 p  .  m  .  by the way  consult the nurse before you enter the ward  .  
 by the way  you can bring some flowers  .  
 this is lambeth bridge  .  we will then loop back and cross the river again on westminster bridge  .  
 certainly sir  .  may i have your room key  please  ?  
 yes  sir  .  american breakfast with fried eggs  sunny side up  grapefruit juice and a black coffee  .  am i correct  sir  ?  
 thanks a lot  .  have a nice day  .  
 we will meet at 500 right here  .  
 have you made a reservation  ladies  ?  
 two thousand hongkong dollars per night plus ten percent service charge and five percent government government tax  .  
excuse me  .  may i take a picture of you  ?  
 all right  .  say cheese  !  
 thank you  .  you may lock up your suitcase  .  here are your passports  .  
 i have to be at the conference room of the garden hotel in shanghai by 10 o 'clock  .  i think it will take me three hours to get there  .  it means that i 'll have to be on the road before 7 o 'clock at the latest  .  
 ok  .  good night  mr  .  smith  have a good sleep  .  
 yes  i would like to check in  .  
 wait a moment  please  .  oh  yes  steven smith  .  it 's for a single room with a bath  .  is that right  ?  
 the restaurant is on the second floor  .  here is the key to your room  .  it 's on the 6th floor  room 609  .  the elevator is over there  .  and we also have a cafeteria on the top floor  if you would like something to drink  you can also call room service  .  
 do you have any dutiable items  ?  
stewardess  !  
 are these all your personal things  ?  
 please open the black case  .  
show me your passport and declaration please  .  
show me your passport  please  .  
 where can i get it  ?  
 thank you  .  here 's your key and receipt  .  your room number is 408  .  a porter will take your luggage to your room  .  the elevator is just around the corner  .  
i 'd like to order room service to room 202  please  
 no problem  sir  .  if there 's anything else you need  you can find me at the desk by the elevator  or you can call housekeeping if i 'm not there  .  
may i have 5 tokens  ?  here is the money  .  
 take the number 5 train and get off at the united squire  .  
 do n't worry  .  there are so many people  .  we will join the touring party  .  
 would you please follow me  please  ?  
 right  .  excuse me  .  mrs  .  jones  ?  
 may i have your key please  ?  
 here is your valuable  .  is that right  ?  
 yes  sir . is there anything else you want  sir  ?  
 certainly  .  may i have your passport  please  ?  
 could you sign each cheque here for me  ?  
 here are your receipt and your change  sir  .  thank you  .  
 yes  here 's the menu  .  you can order from reception  .  
housekeeping  may i come in  ?  
 good coming  sir  .  may i do your room now  ?  
 can i see your ticket  ?  
 there  !   point out the direction  .   you can see a window there  .  
 much better now  .  thanks again  .  
 does the tour have a chinesespeaking guide  ?  
 do you accept traveler 's checks  ?  
 do you have any carryon luggage  ?  
 twentytwo dollars 
 this is your voucher  and you can get your luggage back on this  .  have a good trip  !  
good afternoon  passport and arrival card please  .  
 you must specify an address of the place where you will spend most of your time  .  
 yes  it 's  167  .  
 then we turn south and come back to the car park along this path  .  
next please  !  hello sir  may i see your passport please  ?  
 in just three weeks  and i am excited  .  but there are still a few things i need to do before i go  .  
 okay  .  this will be charged to your amenities account  okay  ?  
 okay  no strawberries tonight  .  the items will be charged to your amenities account  .  
 oh  is it  ?  let me check  .  
 so you are leaving this evening . we keep your bags until 6 p  .  m  .  here 's your tag  .  
 i was in my friend 's room talking for an hour of so  .  
 we  ll try to arrange it  but i can  t guarantee sir  .  
good morning  i want a room tonight  .  
 single  please  .  
 do you sign the register  please  ?  
 your room number is 827  .  the bailboy will take your bags and show you to your room  .  
 please put your luggage outside your room by eight  .  the bailboy will pick them up  .  
 shall we arrange a bail boy to pick up your luggage at nine o  clock  ?  
i went to the doctor yesterday  .  
 i said i had been to the doctor the day before  .  
 thank you  doctor  .  goodbye  .  
 six per day  and two after each meal  .  
 doctor  i have a bad cough and a headache  .  
 hm  .  .  i think you ve got the flu  .  
 they 'll be done before the end of the week  .  
 have you ever had any trauma  ?  
 do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part  ?  
 yes  .  i 'm going to give you some  .  take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals  .  for that one  two tablets  .  and remember to come to the outpatient department for a consultation in two weeks  please  .  
 come over here  .  i will test your eyes  .  first cover your left eye like this  and when i point  please read the chart from the top  and go as far as you can telling me which way the  e  points  .  
 has this been a problem before  ?  
 do you have regular bowel movements  ?  
 let me take a look at your abdomen  .  lie down on your back and bend your knees up  .  ok  .  relax  .  .  .  alright  it seems like you have a duodenal ulcer  but we 'll have to run some tests before i can be certain  .  you should get a good rest first and try not to strain your stomach too much  .  
 yes  .  three  i think  .  it wont be too painful  .  alright  we 're done  .  that was n't so bad  was it  ?  
 so you must consider dearly before you go to work  .  
 thank you  .  then i think it 's time for us to sign a letter of intent  .  
the client you 're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions  so you have to be well prepared  .  
 i 'm glad to meet you  sue  .  please have a seat  .  
 yes  .  all the insurance will be linked with your work  .  we will issue an insurance policy  .  
do you have any particular conditions that you would like our company to take into consideration  ?  
 you can have saturdays and sundays off  .  in addition  you may have a paid month vacation every year  .  but when it is necessary  we do expect you to work overtime  .  does it suit you  ?  
 if you are satisfied with the conditions here  please sign this contract and give it to me  .  
 do you have the meeting report ready  ?  
 i 'll make the arrangement and let you know the time tomorrow  .  
 are you going to ship this by air  ?  that might cost a little more  .  
 i 'll check the costs and call you back  .  
 maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done  .  
 maybe you can hire me on trial  .  if i 'm not qualified for the job  you can let me go  .  
hello  is that miss lan  ?  this is nina with huawei corp  .  
 oh  i 'm sorry  but i 've just accepted another offer that i feel is more suitable to my needs  .  
 i believe you are cut out for this position  .  you 're an outstanding individual  .  
 please print out the meeting agenda for me to look over  .  
 we are willing to be your agent in thailand for handheld tools  .  what do you think  ?  
 think it over  .  we hope to keep a good business relationship with you  .  
so  now we have covered all the important points  .  
 you may rest assured that shipment will be effected within the time limits stipulated in the contract  .  but there is also one point i  d like to stress  .  
 then i  ll come along three days later to put my signature on it  .  
 i 'm sorry i ca n't  because i have n't finished my thesis  .  
 ok  i will keep this position for you for one week  .  
 no problem at all  .  i wo n't keep you any longer  .  i 'll put a package to you in the mail and we 'll go from there  .  
hi  is that li ling  ?  
 i am a little bit shy and i blush every time i speak in public  .  i think i should open myself more and be more outward with people  .  
 i appreciate the offer  .  i will come on time next monday  .  see you then  !  
 sit down  please  .  maybe you have read the contract  but i want to give you the details again before you sign the contract  .  you must have a threemonth internship  .  
 if you need to work overtime  you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay  .  
 about two weeks  .  
 if you do n't have other questions  just sign here  .  
hello  this is steven  .  may i speak to mr  .  xu  ?  
 fine  .  goodbye  .  
 ok  see you then  .  
 i hope so . now let me tell you your duties here . this is your desk . please sit down  .  
 yes  you are responsible for keeping all files in order  .  
 if you have any questions  .  i will help you  .  
 all right  .  i 'll tell him when he comes back  .  
 i see  .  i can tell mr . thomas that you phoned  .  
 miss levin  .  nice to meet you  .  
 yes  i found it again  .  
 i see  .  i can tell mr . thomas that you phoned  .  
 cheer up and pay more attention to your colleagues and the things will be much better  .  i am speaking from my experience  .  
 well  i am not sure  .  lets me check my agenda 
can i ask for leave this afternoon  ?  
 yes  you should be there  .  go find the manager and ask  .  i think the manager will understand and approve you a day off  .  don  t forget to fill in the leave application form  .  it will be signed by the manager for approval  .  
 that is the best one i have seen  .  i am sure our target customers  young people will love it  .  
 yes  i can adjust to anything  .  
first of all  thank you for accepting this job  .  
 it  s my pleasure  .  
 they sum my skills and experience  .  i  d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month  .  
 in this period  you can only get the basic salary  2500 yuan per month  .  
thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us  .  
 would you like us to deliver the mattress for you  ?  
 well sir  as you know  i have been an employee of this prestigious firm for over ten years  .  
 yes  my name is brian and my phone number is 5294870  .  
 just a minute please  .  i  ll make a call to the hr office  .  yes  they confirm your appointment  .  please come in  .  it is on the 3rd floor  room 3106  .  you can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today  .  
 i have the same question  .  i can  t send out mails  .  we  d better call the it department and ask them to check it immediately  .  
 we 'll notify you if necessary  .  goodbye  .  
 well  thank you for your time and consideration again  .  
 no  thank you  .  goodbye  .  
this is dunlin  .  is this mrs smith speaking  ?  
 do you have any questions we did n't cover in the interview  ?  
 it was always very busy there  .  
 i  m temping at a pharmaceutical company  .  
 all right  then  .  we 'll get in touch with you within a week  .  thank you for coming today  mr  .  sun  .  
 thank you  .  goodbye  .  
 you mean i wo n't get a raise until recession ends  ?  
 really  ?  they did n't give you one with your ticket  ?  
 why do n't you make an appointment for later in the week  ?  
 alright  .  i have you down for ten am this friday  .  
come in  arnold  .  have a seat  .  
 it is about the staff meetings . you know how we have a staff meeting every tuesday  .  
 i know  .  but hard work pays off  you know  .  
 i was in my friend 's room  talking for an hour or so  .  
 i 'm sorry we could n't find it  sir  .  
oh  my god  !  what 's this  ?  
 i wonder if anyone can call the ridleys about this  .  do you know them well  ?  
 that  s lucky  .  
 i didn  t think about it like that  .  
 you  re lucky  .  
did you vote  ?  
 just one second  and i 'll check  .  
 i 'll need your name and account number  .  
 in that case  we 'll just regard your account as a regular savings account from then on  .  
 ok  .  please fill in this form and input you code here  .  .  .  and again  please  .  i 'll just check and see if the money has been transferred  .  yes  transaction successful  .  
 by loco invoice  the price includes only the cost of goods at the warehouse of the seller  .  by fob invoice  the price includes the cost before the cargo is delivered  .  by cif invoice  the price includes all the expenses of cost freight and insurance  .  the price in franco invoice includes all expenses to destination  .  
 yes  i 'd like to close my account  .  
 yes  i  ve come to inquire about a 6000 dollar remittance from california  .  has it arrived  ?  
 here you go  miss  .  
 do you have an account with this bank  ?  
 yes  i 'll be happy to cash these for you  .  would you please countersign them here  ?  
 do you want small bills or large  ?  
 that 's very thoughtful of you  .  thank you so much  .  
could you change these for me  please  ?  
 twenties and some smaller bills  please  .  
 fill out this exchange memo  please  .  
 all right  thank you so much  goodbye  .  
 500 in twenty dollar bills and the rest in a dollar bills  .  
 please write down your name  address and the amount of your deposit here  .  and please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it  .  
 ok  .  thanks  .  goodbye  !  
 it 's only 4 . 5  for oneyear loan  .  do you want to apply now  ?  
 ok  .  please fill out this loan application  .  
 all right  .  thank you  .  
 ok  !  thank you  .  
 you can deposit and ensure amount of ten dollars  .  
you wo n't believe what just happened  .  
 not today  .  
 i went into the bank with my money  and i looked at the exchange board . at first i could n't believe it  .  i thought i was reading the board wrong or something  .  
 let me just make sure  .  you want to withdraw one thousand dollars  .  
